Fantastic as usual with friendly service ... We always head here after nursing the usual high cost city hangover - but don't worry at Ballans you will never feel ripped off ! 3 types of eggs to choose from all cooked to perfection with a lovely sausage , toast , beans and small pieces of hash browns take a beer on the side and enjoy your trip to balans don't even look another way in the Westfield this is THE place to go !!!! Come on Average pub, where you can be serve quickly. Th only down side will be the crowd around the some of the staff. You do't fell very welcome there Personally my favourite Pakistani restaurant in tooting. Good food, good meat quality and a reasonable price. For a while now I’ve been dreaming of that Burger to die for, few places do the Burger that makes you think, should I or shouldn’t I, as it looks so bad but tastes so damn good. Well GBK has this tied down to a Tee, they make Burgers that not only tastes great but look amazing. To have your Burger cooked to medium is perfect for me. I had the Avocado Bacon Burger whilst my Beautiful Daughter had the Cheese and Bacon, take your pick as you’ll be satisfied with any on the menu. The staff were also very helpful in the Ealing branch. A must try. It's close to Regent Street and its tucked away in one of the back streets. Nice quaint restaurant that serves good, delectable japanese cuisine. It is definitely one of the better japanese restaurants in the area for sure. Yes, you have to wait a while to get in, yes the service isn't that wonderful and yes you will in all likely hood have to sit next to some stranger but the ramen is pretty top drawer in my opinion and as a result I will continue to return as long as that continues. Leaving party for a friend. We were shoved into a corner and could hardly move let alone talk, as it was so loud. Limited cocktails available in happy hour. Bar staff so busy they have not got time to answer questions about the drinks list. In the end I settled for a drink I am familiar with, as the bar man did not respond well to being asked to explain. Won't be going back. Cramped and somehow joyless interior provides a setting for Tonkotsu Ramen which is inexplicably empty, flavourless and ultimately expensive.Couldn't wait to leave and never return... Loved the look, very slick and clean and bright. The staff were uber friendly and warm. We only stopped for a coffee and cake but the salted caramel cake was out of this world! Always enjoy a visit to GBK. Tasty good quality burgers cooked to order and with delicious millkshakes to drink. Recommend the new 'Don' burger on brioche bun, very yummy. It's a safe bet if you're meeting friends for lunch/dinner. Enjoyed a really lovely meal with the family here. It didn't have the feel of a newly opened restaurant, as the staff were brilliant, atmosphere was spot on and the food was super tasty. Highly recommend their pork summer rolls and yellow Vietnamese curry off the specials board :) Will definitely be coming back here! We ended up at BSS for breakfast. The menu is offering enough choice for a good and tasty breakfast. We all had the egg benedict. Was made well. Good taste, good sauce and the egg was perfect. Went for dinner with my partner as been recommended to go there.The place was empty and freezing and no one was there to greet us.We ordered our food and there was a long grey hair in my partners food which was in his mouth.He felt sick and called management to complain. The guy said which plate was the hair in and then proceeded to blame me and telling me it's my hair and I have no grey hair.Management was very reluctant to take both the orders away and made us feel very uncomfortable. And decided only to take one platter away and just said sorry.Will never go back as I also was sick walking home. Would not recommend. Disgusting behaviour from restaurant management. I went to their covent garden branch. We were on the top floor and just started to eat. We saw a mouse just walking next to us. The mouse was running around the tables. I wanted to leave immediately. Instead of saying apology they brought us the bill. I told to waitress this is not acceptable and would not pay. She insisted so I asked to see the manager. The manager said we don't have to pay. They approached to the incident as so normal. I definitely won't go this restaurant - so unprofessional. Not really a burger man, but was enticed to trial with my son. Burgers were seriously on point!We had the 10oz Jacobs burgers and it was lovely and juicy. The flavour of the cream cheese was sublime. Meal prices in Acton were very reasonable, for gourmet burgers. They're freshly prepared. Fries were slightly over cooked but their sauces were delicious and flavoursome. Been here for couple of times, mostly for breakfast which is amazing. The pancakes are perfect, the coffee is tasty and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Then had couple of lunches too, not so great to be honest. Food was average and had to wait for it long time. Nice and friendly athmosphere, helpful staff.The food was ok, not excellent I probably was expecting more. The Tonkotsu Ramen was ok although I preferred the starters: chicken gyoza and prawn katsu, and even better the dessert..mochi ice cream! the caramel one was delicious. Not a lot of choice in the menu, maybe this could be improved. This is a really interesting place. It is a sort of cross between a café in Amsterdam or Paris and a café in Sicily. The service was excellent and very attentive. They ensured we were happy with the meal and did more than just the basic meet and greet. I had a full English breakfast and it covered a large plate with well cooked and presented food. It is always a pleasure when you are served freshly squeezed oranges rather than these concentrates. It was not particularly busy but there was a fair amount of passing trade. We will go back and possibly for the evening meal as the menu looked full of potential with an emphasis on Italian food. If you don't know Finchley, Ballards Lane does not really do scenic views! We have eaten here five or six times and each visit has been excellent. Great value and superb quality. The staff are always friendly and helpful. For the prices they charge I would like more than a bowl of lukewarm not that tasty ramen. Even blad ramen can be satisfying if its hot and the noodles are good. But they committed the ultimate ramen sin and I wont be going back. Will be going to bone daddies round the corner instead If you're a noodle lover, you have to try it with Beer but you have to wait, we were lucky that we were able to sit in 5 minutes but other persons were waiting for so long.. I stopped by the GBK with so e frie ds, it's decent service with good burgers. But nothing exceptional. I had better burgers at 5 guys. I love tonkotsu and was disappointed to find that theirs was bland: like the user G7_G7 said in his review, the broth should have been more creamy.Service was excellent and prices were OK but if they called the restaurant after the tonkotsu soup then they should be able to serve a proper one which is not the case for now unfortunately. We met on the rooftop for a leisurely Sunday breakfast and had excellent coffee and good (if pricey) pastries. The terrace has a great, relaxed atmosphere and we liked it so much we decided to stay on and have lunch in the basement Boundary restaurant. There was an excellent £20 two course offer on for Sunday lunch and our group had cod, beef, guineafoul and goats cheese tart, all of which were excellent. Puddings of ice cream, creme brûlée, meringue and cheese were also all first class. Wine, herbal tea and more coffee added to another excellent meal. The decor was good, the bathrooms top notch but the best thing of all was the service. When we sat down freh bread was brought to our table and, best of all, it was kept topped up. The same was the case with the complimentary water. All in all the waiting team could not have been more helpful or more discrete. Excellent from start to, much later than anticipated, finish. This is truly a diamond in the rough. The best Persian in London, possibly even in Europe. 5 Stars in every department and if you are there when the dancers come out you and your family are in for a incredible evening of laughter and fun. It was for a work Christmas lunch and it is safe to say it hit way below the mark in terms of both service and quality of food. Some of my colleagues had a Christmas nut roast which was served cold, I had the cod which was underwhelming in terms of portion size. Two highlights were the orange and ginger punch and also the sticky toffee pudding which was a little on the cold side but VERY tasty none the less.The menu for what you actually get was extremely over priced too. The dishes came out at different times too, so many people were waiting whilst others were eating. We were seated in the basement which looked half completed in terms of the decor it did not look 'east London quirky' at all either. There are many other nice places to eat in the area for a much fairer price. What a delight the Boundary is! Friendly, warm, human service from the earring team, made better by the beautiful food and excellent drinks.I enjoyed a crab dish to start, followed by Autumn Truffle Panisse with Kale & Chestnut Mushroom Veloute and then the perfectly sweet dessert.To drink was the Moscow Mule inspired Little Moscow - just perfect.The dining area, two floors down, is well maintained not too sumptuous and created the expected ambiance. Toilets, one floor up, clean with luxury hand products.Perfect for vegetarians, carnivores and those partial to a vodka or gin inspired cocktail. Awesome venue with outstanding decor. The attention to detail is outstanding with Victorian-esque pen & ink drawings of facebook cat pictures, hot air balloon delivery services and other silly things which gives the place a truely quirky vibe without taking itself too seriously.Alot of people are put off by bars located in basements but this place is really worth a visit, even on a sunny day. Staff are very friendly and there's a good range of well-made tasty grown-up cocktails with no silly gimmicks such as dry ice or other such nonsense which shows the focus is on making drinks that taste good (you are drinking them after all, it's not an art gallery).I've heard the pizzas are good but I wasn't hungry but will definitely try next time, seats are comfy, music isn't too loud and it can be a little tricky finding the door handle to get out of the bathrooms after a few drinks (that's a GOOD thing!)Would thoroughly recommend you visit! I had dinner at the Boundary and the food was extremely disappointing. The dishes (salmon and chicken) were tasteless. The chicken was cooked too much and had no spices. The service and atmosphere were good but it doesn't compensate for the poor quality of the food. Avoid this place. Location is perfect for me because I'm always traveling via platforms 1 - 4 and this little place is right next door. Not much choices up here but the smell of fresh brewed coffee is sure to tickle your curiosity. The inside is pleasant. There's seating inside as well as outside. Choose from a good selection of drinks . This is one very big venue. The welcome and service from the staff here was excellent. The attention to detail and the quality of food was faultless. It is Fine dining without stretching your budget. The venue is suitable for for both couples and large groups. Will definitely visit this venue again. Got in there at five. First impression what a great looking place. We had a table booked and our order was taken. 50 minutes later we were still waiting and thirsty. Complained to waiter he didn't care fobbed us off with how they had a big order to fulfill. Then complained to manager, he offered us a free pizza but we had already eaten so I said we'll have free shots instead. So we had a free tequila each, drank our cocktails and left. Music was hit and miss and the service appalling. My advice. Don't bother!!! More than 40£ for 2 Ramen, 2 Beers and a portion of G. Pork. The food was very nice and we waited just 10 minutes to seat. The place is very small and comfortable. And the Ramen is the best I ever eat. Fantastic food and service. The venue was crowded, but the staff were friendly and attentive. Our dog was a little restless, so a member of the staff brought over some treats for it. Lovely touch. Steak was perfectly cooked, as were the fish and chips. Had our company Christmas Dinner here today. It was abominable in every way. Waited more than 2 hours for our meals which were cold and horrible. Dessert never arrived. The waiter was rude. There were 60 of us and so many complaints that our bill was waived. At least they did the right thing. Don't waste your time at this pub. There are plenty of better ones around. I have been wanting to come here for a while now, since reading their recipes in the paper and hearing about their book- IT DID NOT DISAPPOINT! The food was simply delicious, I love that you can have a taste of every thing- the dishes are great to share with friends. I have to admit I wasn't sure on what some ingredients were but the waitress serving us was so knowledgeable, she recommended dishes and wines to try and she was not wrong!They have so many wines, I really recommend asking for help if you're not too familiar with natural wines because they really know their stuff here (and there are no sulphates so more drinking and less hangover?!) Go, I've never done a review before, but I'm still raving about this one- it's one of a kind Very good burgher , nice atmosphere , amazing chips!!The burger was very tender and tasty , the hand cut chips were crispy and not oily. Fabulous food, when we eventually managed to order, but incredibly poor service. The waiting staff couldn't have been less interested in their clients and were blatantly ignoring most diners. Despite making no complaint until we came to pay a couple of items had already been removed from our bill to compensate for the service charge, which is very annoying as the service, not the food, was the problem. We honestly couldn't fault the food in any way so it's such a pity that the waiting staff were such a let down. We had both breakfast (at the cafe) and dinner (at the restaurant) on Christmas day, when most other places were closed. The location cannot be beat-- right on the water in the bustling Canary Wharf. The service at the cafe was excellent, but the omelettes were disappointing. The dinner was much more disappointing. The restaurant is enormous, and perhaps they do not have enough waiters, but it was very difficult to get the attention of any of the busy waiters. My wife ordered soup and I ordered a salad for starters. She got her soup, but my salad arrived at least 15-20 minutes later. When we finally got our entrees (beef dish for her, marinated chicken for me) they were OK but barely-- chooey beef and a rather bland chicken dish. The only time we got prompt attention was when it was time to pay. Have a Turkish coffee and a pastry at the cafe, but dine elsewhere. As a massive fan of well-cooked, great quality meat, I was so looking forward to eating at Temper. But I was massively disappointed and it's clear that the restaurant needs to improve massively if it wants to solicit repeat custom from Soho's discerning diners. The Neil Rankin name may very well reel in the foodies, but if this place wants these customers to come back again, things need to change.A colleague and I booked a very early reservation - 5.30pm on a Wednesday, right at the beginning of December, before we had to attend a work event. Things were disappointing the moment we got there.The place is obviously trying to be uber cool and current - reservations are all done via tablet computer. So, you walk in, and you're greeted by three people...except you're not really 'greeted'. They were just staring at their screens. God knows why 3 people were stationed there. It wasn't busy at all, they made no effort to welcome you warmly, they were just engrossed by the tech. It was really cold and inhospitable, totally unwelcoming! You had to cough to get their attention.Eventually, a lady clocked us and led us downstairs to the restaurant. Despite being pretty much empty, we were offered quite possibly the worst seats in the house...until we put our foot down and challenged this.So, eventually we were given a semi decent table. On to the food and drink...Well, I found it quite strange that (at the time, anyway) the prices on their website were NOT the same as the prices on the hard copy menu in the restaurant. Slightly false advertising...All would have been forgiven if the food was great, but it was mediocre at best. The waitress comes over and proudly declares that there is popcorn served with their sweetcorn, crushed up Monster Munch dust (yes, as in the crisps?!) on one of their starters and that their ketchup has MSG in! It's proudly called MSG Ketchup on the menu?! The 'brains' behind some of these suggestions seriously needs to be fired.The baby gem lettuce was nice, the cheesy potatoes so-so...but what should have been the crown jewel of the meal was absolutely rubbish. We were hungry and both ordered 400 grams of the lamb each. It looked like it had been thoughtlessly dumped on the plate on top of a couple of shawarma wraps. You couldn't differentiate between any of the cuts of lamb. I'm sure the restaurant manager will turn around and say, "but this is the best lamb in the country that we source", but I'm going by taste and what it looked like. Considering there's an open pit fire, the meat was completely devoid of flavour...no delicious, charred notes of smokiness whatsoever, it just tasted and looked like cheap kebab meat. It all tasted exactly the same, you couldn't discern one cut of the lamb from another. It was just...massively disappointing. And the bill came to £110 for 2 (including only 2 small glasses of red wine).If you want excellent meat in Soho, make sure that Blacklock is number 1 on your list. It's the best place ever! Temper doesn't even come close and wishes it could be that good. Or, go to Zelmans Meats, or MASH, for better meat. This place is all style over substance, don't bother wasting your money here. Okay so this restaurant is in London's Soho, and not Tokyo; but you won't know the difference. Saw a review in PR Week and tried the restaurant out yesterday. It's all its cracked up to be and more. The Tokyo Ramen was excellent and my wife said 'it melted on her tongue'. No reservations are taken but space will always be made available and the staff were really polite and helpful. Good wine list and great local and Japanese beers but we stuck to the o-cha. And we didn't break the bank, too boot. Yes, we'll be going backj. Can there be nay other better recommendation? Saturday night, fairly busy area and restaurant full, oddly two different couples left after sitting down and reading the menu without ordering as we looked at the menu.We had the pork gyoza (very salty) the salt and pepper squid (tasty but small portion), king prawn katsu (3 prawns) and the cucumber pickle (excellent) and a couple of beers.£30, service included.Nothing wrong about it, good atmosphere and it is the same sort of price anywhere in Soho really, but nothing that would make me want to go back there for more. A great little restaurant. Wide variety on the menu, lovely tasty food which was very reasonably priced and excellent service. Our waitress went out of her way to answer a query we had about the area. We have build-your-own-burger joints back home but this was so much better. The fries and shakes were superb as well. It is a must go to restaurant while in London I used to use Carluccio's a lot and rated them highly. Changed my mind after visiting this one on a Saturday evening. Service was attentive and the shared antipasto platter was quite good. But it came with stale bread for which there was a charge. The glasses of Montepulciano were from a bottle that had clearly been open too long. Worst of all - the mains were dreadful. My so-called chicken saltimbocca (why chicken instead of veal? Cheaper?) consisted of a smallish overcooked bit of meat with a token sliver of prosciutto, all swimming in grease and with greasy potatoes. I left most of it. One of the friends I was with was Italian and very shocked at his shrivelled lasagne (microwave?). The other had lived in Italy for 12 years and commented on how flavourless the ragut sauce was.Judging by this grim evening out, Carluccio's has gone badly down hill - I won't be going near it it again. One of my guests summed it up: 'an insult to pretend that this is Italian cuisine' The pokè was very filling and the matcha icecream dessert was amazing.. one of my favourite matcha icecream places to et in London. Try to avoid busy dinner times in evenings as you might need to wait for table to be free. I had walked past this place a few times but had never been drawn to try it until recently. Beyond the steaming preparation area at the front it's essentially a small corridor of a restaurant with a some shared tables (there appeared to be an upstairs as well which I didn't experience). I was a little startled by the initial welcome where we were abruptly told to get back by the door to wait when there wasn't either a queue or any indication to wait in an unmarked holding area. It seemed to go downhill from there (let's just say I don't like being bossed around by a waitress) until another member of staff noticed and asked if we wanted to be moved to the main area on a shared table. The atmosphere is better but be prepared to stand up to let your neighbour through if they need to visit the facilities. The soup is reasonably tasty but the portion a touch on the measly side for anything from £9 to £11 considering how cheap noodles are. Gyoza starters were pretty average. I ate only ramen and drink sake but this small restaurant offer many different dishes.Ramen was ok, rich and tasty, probably a little expensive but after all is soho. It's been a long time since I ate steak, so I'm not sure I can trust my own taste buds... it was amazing. Mine was perfectly cooked as requested, although my brother ordered a larger steak also as medium-rare and it was definitely closer to rare.All the sides tasted good and nobody left anything at our table, so I can't complain about the food. Obviously the prices were 'kosher food' prices so can't be compared to other restaurants really, but the service can be and I think they could do a little better. They ran out of wine glasses and said it was because they were busy, but I rather think that a restaurant should have enough glasses to match its covers!We also had to wait 15 minutes or so for our reserved table which was a bit frustrating, but the chap manning the grill ensured we had a 'temporary' seat at the front and it wasn't the end of the world.Overall... I'll be back! I don't think there's any other kosher place like this one, and I definitely enjoyed my steak. We booked a table for our Christmas meal. We choose from the set menu which looked and sounded lovely but we were all disappointed with what we received. To be fair the mezze starters were nice the main however was awful. The food is overpriced for what we had even for Canary Wharf prices. We not go back This is my second trip to London in 2 years and it was also my third visit to this great ramen experience I had in 2014. However to my dismay the standard of the ramen has dropped so terribly that I have no confidence to visit again on my future trip. Coming from a Asia City whereby I know for a fact that Ramen - the soup base is the most important. On this trip I do not get to taste even the slightest tonkotsu base. The soup was bland and the soup portion was too little which makes it looks unappealing and also taste horrible Upon every sip of soup you taste more of the noodle than the heart and soul of tonkotsu. The sliding windows are a great addition to the rooftop, which avoids the roulette of english weather.A good ambience and fairly attentive staff (although it took a while to get out order taken).The menu was not that extensive but sufficed for a lunch affair. I assume that the main restaurant has a more comprehensive listing - but for me being on the roof and enjoying the view more than compensates. I have been 3 times and each time have been very pleased with the meal and service, incredible food. Everything is good value for money as well, I couldn't reccomned it enough I'm used to having to queue in Soho and of course having barely-empty plates taken away/bills thrust down within a second of finishing my meal. That said, I recently went here on a Wednesday evening with a friend and asked for a table for 2. I watched in amazement as the waiter walked past us time and time again despite 3- and 4-person tables freeing up. When I enquired if we could sit down, gesturing towards a free a table, I was told that he had to wait until a table with only 2 seats became free, which would be another 20 minutes. No apology and no invitation to order a drink. Needless to say, we left. Visited late November before a concert at the 02. We agreed to a 45 wait for a table and were sent upstairs to the rather crowded bar. The wait to get served for drinks was unacceptable but not surprising as they only had two bar staff working. They must of known it would be busy what with sold out concert about to start. As for the food, it wasn't the best burger I have eaten, in fact, it was not very appetising at all. Don't think I will be returning any time soon. was there last saturday night, loved the food even though I'm not a big noodle fan. SLightly overpriced but quick and the staff is super (except the manager, he was a bit weird as he looked a bit lost)will be back Me and my partner went here for a late lunch last Friday and it was honestly the worst dining experience I have ever had. We ordered the Quinoa salad, Sweet potato gnochhi, and a side of chicken and broccolli. The chicken never arrived, the broccoli was overcooked, swimming in butter and very salty, the sweet potato dish was very oily and lacked flavour and not one to usually complain I had to send my Quinoa salad back as it was smothered with sultanas which was not mentioned on the menu. They replaced it with a burger, the waiter asked me how I would like it cooked and basically implied that I was fussy and I said medium would be fine. It arrived and looked okay but once I started eating it I realised it was complately raw in the middle. By this point I had already been the subect of jibes from the waiting staff (they also made a joke when I ordered a glass of red wine which never arrived) which made me feel too uncomfortable to complain again so I tried to eat around the edges where it was slightly more cooked and left the middle bit thinking that beef was safe to eat rare. The middle was bright red and literally looked like raw mince meat and when the waiter returned to collect our plates he remarked "how was the burger, oh a little undercooked!" to which I agreed. However he still charged us the full amount on the bill including service charge even though they had missed two items we had ordered! By this point I just wanted to leave so I paid my bill and left. Then to top things off I then fell very ill that evening and for the rest of the weekend with symptoms of food poisening! Considering this was my only meal that day it does seem very supsicious. This really was the worst experience I have ever come across when dining in London and I will definitely not be going back. We went on a Saturday late lunch - maybe 2.30/3.00pm and there was no queue, which was a nice surprise. For little more than the price of a Wagamama meal you can get something that's infinitely tastier. Only downside is that it's very tight - you might get bumped a bit if your back is to the aisle as mine was, and the service, as reported by others, is a little inattentive.That said, as a quick & fairly cheap lunch, I'd highly recommend. I was expecting something special. I found eating a soup.Nice place. Tasty food but not great. Reasonable prices.Staff so/so Eggs benedict with ham for breakfast. Absolutely gorgeous and first class service. Whatever was on the menu looked good too! The area around the Blackfriar Station is an old towne London village. Great food for breakfast and brunch. The little back streets have shops where you can find handmade crumpets, go to a "somewhat" high tea, and pick up some great grub food. I hadn't been to The Refinery for some months having been a regular when they first opened. There have always been issues with the service - its not somewhere you can go for a lunch hour. Thought I would try it for dinner - having more time than for lunch. However, waiting an hour for a bottle of wine (having been told after 20 minutes that the bottle we had chosen was not available, neither was the second bottle we chose - the third which they suggested as a replacement was!). We were ready to walk out - but were persuaded to stay by Zoe - and were not charged for the wine. However, to top this the food was a disappointment. We ordered bread to share to start. This was warm on the outside but frozen in the middle!! My friend had steak -which was cooked as she liked it. I however had the Thai Green Curry (which is a favourite of mine) but there were very few prawns and the vegetables were mainly sliced onion. Very disappointing visit and again will be giving this a miss for some. Big disappointment after being regular for more than 3 years,iv been there in July we ordered a platter to share after getting it we realise that was no lamb or chicken shish I asked the waiter why he answer with we don't put it in this platter so I called the manager he apologies and he said we've been so busy we dident hv enough meet left wich I found ridiculous and not fair it doesn't take much to be honest with you're customer's and let them know before they order,since then I didn't came back. Then I said maybe it was a mistake that I can forgive I went back with my friends we dident hv time to look at the menu the waiter was so pushy and he want us to order straight away, again I suggested to go for the XL extra large platter to share for 57 pound to be sure it will be enough and we were surprised again how small was it ,the same size as the small one just few lamb ribs one minced lamb extra ,so it was disappointing again and after giving a feedback to the waiter that the portions are to small comparing to the prices he said I don't know it's been always like that.So my advice is if you wanna make more money try to keep your guests happy and build a good customer relation ,by cheating on them you will loose more money then making more.I will never go back there Great food, great location, awful service. Let others push ahead in the queue, got shoulder-barged / nudged by the staff three times whilst walking to the bathroom and back, asked for "no toast" and still got the toast and then was made to look like I had made the mistake. A friend was finally curious about something on the bill and got an aggressive "errrrrr" in response. On the other hand, the food was great - not much egg in the scrambled egg but plenty of smoked salmon (which was pretty good quality to boot). Would go again, had the vegetarian ravioli for main, not the most flavoursome so would hope to choose something different next time. Was served by Edward, great manners and service and chatty. The ambience was great and would definitely go back again. Would not hesitate to recommend. Back for our third time - last time probably 9 months or so ago. All in all a very good evening with excellent food (even though Marianne was not in the kitchen).My only hesitation: Is the food becoming a bit OTT? Too complicated? Or maybe it's just me getting a little tired of these long tasting menu things with very small servings more or less adding up to a meal.Good service and a nice atmosphere all in all - it's intimate, but that shouldn't be a surprise given the size of the restaurant.But pls don't make it the food too complicated! If we hadn't waited 50 minutes for a table I would probably give a higher rating. Committing to waiting that long I was expecting to be blown away but I wasn't. Food was lovely and great value for what you get. We had the ravioli, and spicy sausage pasta - simple but well executed flavours. We weren't a fan of the pici, a bit too al dente and peppery for our tastes. But we can't fault the other 2 dishes which I would happily eat again. I would only visit again if the wait was no more than 10-15 minutes. Perhaps they should introduce a system of putting your name on a list so that you are able to come back later. Been here two times. Amazing pizza, very fast service and friendly staff.One of the best pizzas i have ever tasted! Enjoyed the atmosphere here, reasonably priced cocktails, (£5 for an old fashioned went down a little too well) central location, the food is good and a fair price but you shouldn't go here expecting a Hawkesmoore level of food/steak/experience Visited the flat iron before a theatre visit which is in an ideal location. Steak was excellent and so was the price (£10)!!!! Where else can you get a steak of this quality for such a price!!!! Certainly not Marco Pierre Whites where we normally go. A no frills restaurant which does what it says on the tin STEAK!!!! Going back again tonight which we don't normally do. P.S the creamed spinach is excellent too!!! We didn't have Tea here, but I rated it, because it is in the hotel where we stay....London Marriott County Hall.....there is a grand piano and one of our French friends who came over to visit with us in London is a classical pianist......what a great sound....the staff was very busy setting up for Tea, and they all just froze in place for a second to listen to the beautiful free concert. I love my pizza and I love their pizza. Had the Maradonna and the dough could well have been made by the hand of God. Much better than certain other pizza places and well worth a visit, or take away. This restaurant is a gem tucked away from the hustle and bustle of the main streets of London.The service was faultless, we were not kept waiting for an extensive period of time despite how busy the restaurant was and neither were we rushed. Our waiters were very knowledgable about the menu and instead of just putting our plates of food on the table; they described every aspect of the dish-which I felt was a nice touch!The little extras and surprises that were brought out to us were delightful and really added to our dining experience.I have a dairy allergy and once I informed our waitress she quickly consulted with the kitchen to find out which dishes were suitable for me. I also really appreciated them adapting the amuse bouche, palate cleansers etc to suit my requirements. The food was outstanding, everything was cooked, seasoned and presented beautifully. The ambience of the restaurant was very relaxed, it wasn't at all pretentious as one may find at other Michelin star restaurants. I would definitely recommend anyone to experience pollen street social for themselves...I am already looking forward to our next visit! Want a loght lunch,good atmosphere,your be happy here.Few issues need fixi g the water taps and the adfing up of dishes...but musy be under pressure. We had a good time although did get over charged.Was an honest mistake.we just had no time to go back . Very fine selection of wines and clearly chosen by people who know what they're doing. The staff achieve the difficult balance of being friendly without lapsing into over-familiarity. For a relaxed Sunday evening supper, I would more than happily come here again. I'm not much of a fish lover but I do eat fish on occasions. In this place I felt like a fish lover and after trying oysters over a year ago I couldn't resist. After ordering a half dozen at the bar I was reunited with my love for oysters but couldn't remember the correct/best way to eat them. The chef overheard this conversation and started to make recommendations to us. This also included a free sample of some of the French oysters (the most expensive on the menu) so that we could taste a different kind. Delicious!The fish pie was really nice and so was the dessert (coffee profiteroles). However a couple of points - The tomato side seemed a bit basic. - A sneaky £1 donation was added to my bill to a hunger charity. Good cause maybe but when you already pay a good monthly donation to a charity I feel this was a bit cheeky. - And finally, a 12.5% service charge. It seems that we're following in the footsteps of America by paying a service charge everywhere now. But if I remember correctly, waiters and chefs in America are on a much lower salary as part of their salary comes from tips. But in England I can't imagine they would even be near min wage which denotes that service charge is a great bonus to their pay. Adding this to the bill makes me feel awkward to have it removed if I feel the service was standard or just good which I think is the min standard a customer should expect. I guess I ended up paying for those free oysters ;) I have visited this place due to perfect experience of other. Unfortunately I was far from to be impressed really. I only went for sushi, did not try any other specials, but have to say, it was not comparable with other top sushi places in other parts of world. Berlin was great, Alex Sushi in Oslo simply amazing. Both related as one of best in its town. Okay did not fulfill my expectations at all. Service very casual, not really careful, manager pretending to work but had things not under his control at all. The value I paid for the experience I received is not worthy at all. Think about properly before you choose great Sushi experience in London. Lovely atmosphere, and service With class and style guiden your choice of Wines IF you need assistance.A real impressive winelist to the antipasti at prices you can handle, our first visit but we Will come back for more pleasant visits . 5 of us came for food on a Saturday night. Although it was full and the tables aren't far apart, it didn't feel it. The music was at a good level and it was easy to hear each other. The waitresses were lovely and very helpful. The food was out of this world!! You can tell a good meal by how silent it goes when you start eating and we didn't speak for about 5 minutes as we ate. Between us we had lemon sole, confit de canard, lamb and steak. All were wonderful and reasonably priced. Definitely a must if you're near Brick Lane. We dined on the top floor. Starters were the tortellini, delicious and sea bass carpaccio. This was accompanied with a dry Mosel Riesling. For the main we ordered venison with beetroot compot which was v tasty and the inerico pork which was disappointing and bland. However desert and good service made up for that ! We had a family luncheon yesterday at the Fenchurch Restaurant with my son, his family and grand kids.Its a great location on the 37th floor of the Walker Talkie building in London.We were pleased that there was through security in place but only 1 lift serving the restaurant guests .Had a good choice of wines served by a competent and dedicated waiter. We had a good choice to select from and set 5 course meal was selected by some of us . The cucumber soup was out of the world and the main meal lamb preparation was excellent. The quantity was hopelessly inadequate . The dessert was nothing to write home about. Overall we enjoyed the ambience, the service was above average, wines were excellent and the food was very good except for the small quantities The view was fantastic with a panoramic view of London from the 35th floor of the Walkie-Talkie building. Fenchurch Restaurant is highly recommended for a family meal or for a business meeting We were delighted to have such a lovely meal ... and loved the little dishes to try so many gorgeous plates. Mac & cheese croquettes with chilli jam were amazing. The homemade gnocchi with chanterelles and walnut were the number one from us though. Three other plates we consumed and all were fab. Managed to get a gorgeous dessert in too. I had pannacotta with coffee biscuits and dark chocolate and was perfect. Staff was efficient and attentive despite it being really busy. Next time I'm in London would def cone back and worth five stars. Also great Italian wine Had read about this opening, with a renowned chef. Very relaxed atmosphere. Trendy decor .Staff friendly and helpful. The menu was not extensive but there is something for everyone. Also presentation is innovative. The food was absolutely delicious! Prices are fair and wines reasonable all Spanish I think. Will definitely visit again. Well placed for visiting London and at lunch time plenty of room, that is until more people get to hear about it. Wanted to try some authentic fish and chips while we were visiting London and decided to have them at Poppies. Portions were huge so it was a good thing we only ordered a regular cod and chips. The fish was delicious and batter was very light. The chips were alright but could have been more crispy. Overall, the food was good and we will come back again. if you are a romantic italian food passionated this is a corner wher to grab a piece of italy.easy to take away and fine taste. Either luckily or the consistently excellent pub food speaks for it's self. The good booze selection inhabits a cozy atmosphere where locals clink their favourite beverage while chewing fat and new friends are greeted with a warm smile.Not the biggest indoor space, so if determined to eat at a specific time might be a good idea to plan ahead or roll the dice and take your chances.The service always makes me feel like a long lost friend and coupled with the aforementioned food insures I plan to keep in touch. Excellent food, very good wine and an unpretentious atmosphere made this visit a real and unexpected pleasure I visited the Humble Grape in St Brides Passage this week for lunch. Tucked away between Ludgate Hill and Fleet Street, this is a little gem you should not miss.My colleague and I were sat in the main restaurant but please note that the venue stretches way beyond through an arch for larger parties and wine tasting events.Nice use of reclaimed wood, cork tiles, creatively put together to provide a relaxed atmosphere. I really like this venue.And the staff! Wow, so helpful, so knowledgeable about the wine. The Manager, Mark, spent time explaining the origins of the wine we chose to drink, a deliciously, flavoursome red Cantina Ronca Ulderico Rosso from Italy. If you like Amorone, you'll love this wine. Smooth with sweet undertones and spice to finish. Ideal recommendation for the sharing platter of salumi and cheese we ordered to share.We spent some time there and could not resist ordering another bottle of the red.This is a really cool, friendly place. It was relatively quiet for a Tuesday lunch time, but it started picking up later in the afternoon and seems popular.The wine list is broad and interesting. You can also buy individual bottles from their shop.The food menu is mainly about sharing. Good choices, with a variety of prices. Mains average out at around £18.I shall be returning. Great food, chilled atmosphere, nice music.Only shame was they didn't have a few things on the menu. Visited tge rsstaurant on Saturday. We were a goup of 14 people. Excellent food and atmosphere. I admit best Lebanese in London. The waiters were also very helpful, friendly and polite. Manager however was extremely rude. Do NOT recommend as your night will be ruined by his attitude.. For any further details please contact me on robgeo77@hotmail.com No one could do better sushi than asakusa! Discovered this gem when wandering around at 10pm and decided to get some sushi! The best in town oh my! Throughout the 4 nights in London, we had 3 nights of dinners at this. Proper, authentic, good value of money! Great service too!!! Great beer here. Good selection of ales and very well kept. Great platters we shared in our large group. Busy, loud, great atmosphere. Held my 30th here. Loan was very helpful with organisation details and friendly when we met in person. Staff on the night were happy to put up some balloons and keep the cake in the fridge. Food was prompt and home-made tasting. Spring rolls very crispy!No organisational problems on the night. Everyone had a good time! Does what it says. Decent service, decent food, nothing special - what you'd expect from a chain I guess. Bottle of Peroni at £6.50 was a bit over the top though, that's taking advantage....Pleasant atmosphere, but there are better places to eat locally... Awesome restaurant, great food, the ambience is wonderful, the staff are friendly and very accommodating (they made my husband's green curry with extra spice) the menu is expansive, my favorite is the grilled chicken with Thai green curry fried rice, which tastes spectacular. The seating can be long tables where you'll get to meet other diners or you can request a table just for your party. Overall great food, good customer service, nice atmosphere, highly recommended! A friend of mine with coeliac's was visiting over a weekend so we decided to head out in search of gluten free fish & chips, and I found numerous recommendations online for this place. Unfortunately when we arrived we were told they had run out of the GF flour. I was able to get normal fish & chips, and my friend ordered just a bowl of chips. The batter was flavourless, genuinely the blandest fish batter I have ever tasted, and the fish was over cooked and dry, so luckily my friend didn't miss out on anything. The chips are enormous, way too big to be nice even in theory, just gimmicky and different at the expense of taste. And this plate of disappointment comes at an extortionate price of £16.50.The staff were nice and helpful, pointed us to a table where a group were waiting to get seated in the upstairs restaurant when we arrived and the pub was full so we were able to grab their seats within minutes, and the drinks were fine (can't easily mess up a G&T) but that didn't help much when the food was sub-standard even for a pub. Called in here whilst staying in Stratford to watch the England V New Zealand match.The place was very busy but was found a table within 10 mins. We sat on a large square table with 10 other people. The food and drinks was served quickly. The staff were very busy, very polite and cheerful. We had 'The taste of Thailand' Loved the food and the experience, there is one opening in Manchester in January 2016 - we will be going. I was staying at the hotel next door, so popped in to the Barley Mow for a quick drink. The atmosphere of the pub is so warm and welcoming, and the staff were very friendly and actually interested in talking to talking to me! I ended up staying for a few more drinks, rather than the one, and came back the next few days as well. I highly recommend the Barley Mow, and can't wait to go back there. As usual Pret a Manger does not disappoint when looking for a healthy morning start in busy London. The five grains porridge offered the best breakfast option I have found so far We were a party of four adults who thoroughly enjoyed the food atmosphere and the friendly attitude of the waiters and management.Good fun evening.A must for the new year. We had booked for four for dinner on Sunday night after a rugby World Cup match so we expected the place to be busy - and it was heaving with people queuing out the doors for tables,The shared tables worked okay but only because of the post-match atmosphere. In different, more usual circumstances this arrangement would only suit if you did not want to have private a private conversation.The limited menu is okay and the food came quite quickly but the portions were really small, and we were all glad that we had earlier in the day had an excellent Sunday lunch elsewhere. Visited for Sunday lunch, the quality of the food was good although certainly not the best Sunday roast in the UK (one of the awards they have won). The good food was let down by the poor service however, in particular inefficient bar staff. Every visit to the bar took ten minutes, and empty glasses were rarely, if ever, cleared from tables. We ended up taking empties back to the bar ourselves. Dirty plates were also left on the table for an hour after we'd finished eating.Didn't live up to the high expectations and perhaps a victim of it's own success Our three courses and coffee were a real delight; this restaurant is not overpriced but expect, with drinks and extra veg, the works etc., to spend up to £80 for dinner for two. Individual dishes are reasonably priced on the menu but it does add up...... It is excellent Italian cooking and the service is very good. We first came here about 8 years ago and have been back on every visit to the area and have never been disappointed. They know how to cook Calves liver beautifully, for sure. I would award it another star if it had been a little less expensive. Not much you can say about PEs, but the staff were very welcoming, we sat downstairs and spread out onto 2 tables - teenagers and adults.... The waitress recommended an excellent Italian white wine, not on the list -fiano. We were there for hours and fully enjoyed the meal and service. We were connecting with friends for a twilight supper and wanted to case out the Arms before we trotted upstairs to sample the fabled pies. A pub is essentially a room, or perhaps two or three, in which conviviality is dispensed via alcohol and a load of spirit, of the human kind. This pub was built in 1760 and is a tiny pub, a little more than a rectangle broken up by the bar, which takes up two thirds of the right side of the room. A tartan carpet manages, incredibly, not to clash with wallpaper of another tartan that covers the walls, those which are not wood panelled. the prints hung on the walls reflect no general theme, except maybe from the Naval training College, Dartmouth and a model of a man-o'- war in a glass case on the ledge. It retains its authentic frontage with a passage down the side providing atmospheric entrance to the upstairs eatery known for its pies. And that brings me to the origin of meeting friends here for supper. Steak and kidney was my choice with the femme selecting a veg and curry concoction. The crusts are perfection and the pies registered the appropriate heat when punctured. Lovely chubbly. Two people with two drinks and a meal each ending up on £100. The food was ok, a bit bland for my taste and not too imaginative for the price I was definitely expecting more. The service was questionable and a bit condescending. I had a cousin over who was asking for something specific in the cocktail and the waiter was rolling his eyes in front of us which was a bit alarming. Also, although the place was completely empty, they insisted that another couple sit pretty much directly on top of us. Which we initially laughed about but thought it was a tad strange. The drinks were amazing to be honest and beautifully thought up ideas of sweet and savoury and would definitely come back for drinks but won't be back again for average food and waitstaff and the high prices. Much better places in Brixton to spend your money on. After our visit to the Madame T, this was our choice for late lunch/dinner and it didn't disappoint. Very child friendly,food excellent,service brilliant. Not something that I used to say when I lived in central London. worth a visit I suspect ageism was at work when I decided to go for a drink at my nearest pub on the first day of the year when it was warm and sunny enough to sit outside. It was glorious and I enjoyed my drink and went to get another. I left my newspaper there to indicate I was coming back. When I went outside I found two girls sitting at my table. I asked them where my newspaper was and they said a member of staff had asked if it was theirs to which they replied no. So I went and asked the barman if my paper was there and explained what had happened. He found it. I went back outside and sat down and said I had been sitting there first and was going to share the table. Which I think is reasonable. Instead I was told in no uncertain terms to clear off and that I was unwelcome. I didn't want to make a fuss so I went and sat inside where there was plenty of room. But I was upset. I've had a bad year, widowed, cancer, redundant, moved house and The Truscott Arms is my nearest pub where I hoped I would feel welcome enough to visit on my own. But unfortunately not. Shame. If there is ever a Pizza Express around when we stay in london we always eat there. Good selection of food, good staff and good prices Really nice pub with great GF food & beer choices. We had the GF fidh n chips-yes the real battered stuff! The staff are nice, there's restaurant and garden seating as well. Love the fact they're happy to have dogs around. Great pub to hang out at- what else do you need?! We're going back!! Freshly prepared "fast food"(sandwiches, toats, salads) all delicious and fair value for money. Also their breakfast is recommendable Dropped in for a quick pint. Good selection of beers, if a bit pricey (this is central London). Pub is small and the noise of some particularly happy customers was impossible to get away from. Food looked good but didn't try it. Finally a good pizzeria outside Italy! OK - the toppings are somehow not exactly traditional, but the dough and the cooking are a definite YES!Also the bruschetta... not exactly what you get in Italy, but their reinterpretation is anyway along the lines of a good product! Also suggested the "potato pearls". Again - not the same as fries, but definitely OK.The waiters are more than nice.Price slightly high, but in line with other places of a lower quality in London. Must try the half chicken and chips. Right on the river so the location is very good.Good outside area if the weather is nice.You can order your food at the table which is a bonus. This is a great place to grab breakfast or lunch, I haven't been able to convince my husband to have dinner there yet. The food is always very fresh and they have a wide variety of sandwiches, wraps and salads plus crips and fruit to go with them. They also make great soup, about three different varieties each day. I've also discovered their toasties (toasted sandwiches) that they heat up for you when you purchase them. My only complaint is that they don't have ice to go the diet coke I often order. There seems to be a pret a manger on practically every corner of London so its easy to stop in for a quick breakfast or lunch. I've been here a few times and it's only real attraction as far as I'm concerned is that it's a not unpleasnt place to sit outside on a sunny day. Last time I went I was met with a surly member of staff when just asking for the menu "It's not ready yet" she spat, without even a glance in my direction. Beer was flat and the bun for my burger was stale...I mean really stale. If you eat inside your window seat will give you a lovely view of the bottom of Hungerford Bridge which distinctly resembles a flyover. Over rated and over priced, living off the location. Sadly I am sure this restaurant is probably mostly very good but we just happened to hit it when they had a new waitress who was utterly incompetent. We waited forever watching other people eat who had come in after us but despite repeated asking did not not get through to waitress who clearly was lacking in the cerebral department. Food very good and owner apologetic but left a bad taste. Wanted to try their pizzas. The flavors were good, but I wish they would have gotten the thin crust a little crisper. I believe my pizza crust was a little undercooked. Service was ok. I've had lunch here many a time but never got around to giving it a review. I don't know why because it never fails. Anyway yesterday's lunch deserved a shout out. Partly because its the first Pulled Pork Pie I've ever had and secondly because its just a lovely place! Absolutely ridiculously small portion sizes. Ordered the bangkok king prawn stir fry at £10.95 and it was so small when he put it down on the table i thought he made a mistake and brought me a starter. It was so small they can't even put it on a full sized plate it arrives in a small dessert bowl, terrible. It was so bland and tasteless. I couldn't believe i got burnt not only on the quantity but also the quality it was seriously void of any tatse. Also ordered the soft shell crab, another joke of a portion at £10, we got 2 and a half pieces of overly stinking fish it was awful it smelt off to be honest, all I got from it was thick batter and the stink of rotten fish. This place is a disgrace, Busaba is really going down hill with its quality of food and it's portion sizes I will never return to another Busaba eathai again and I will make it a mission to let other people know to stay away from this place as I've noticed this isn't the only branch serving up terrible food with terrible quantities for high prices. Please stay away as you will be leaving hungry and with a light wallet. We found this pub & decided on lunch but whilst there was nothing to complain about, the food was average pub grub, nothing special.The pub didn't have that many seats which had backs on them & the table we sat at had chairs which needed replacing.It was a shame, but maybe it was a bad day, as we also had to pay by cash as the tills were down & the guy serving us was really struggling with that. Great atmosphere and really cool jazz band in the back room on a Friday. Loved it. Will be returning. Stumbled across this place, and great find. Staff very friendly, great food and football on television. Great atmosphere. Would recommend the steak and ale pie ! I live quite close to Westfields, so me and a friend popped along one night. This place is always busy so we took that as a good sign and the food itself was decent enough but I didn't really feel like it matched the relatively high prices.Rice isn't included in most dishes and drinks were also fairly pricey. The waiter seemed quite rushed to get our order. I was with a friend I hadn't seen in a while so we took about 5 minutes in total but in that time we were visited around 5 times by staff and then when we wanted to get the bill, it was the opposite problem and we couldn't get anyone's attention. Went with a voucher for a Wagu Burger, best burger my husband and I have ever had.On seeing the menu,we ended up having a starter and desert. FABULOUS.I have already seen what i want from the menu if I am lucky enough to go again The staff were very friendly helpful Visited this restaurant for lunch and had a really good meal. The decor is very impressive, with large square communal tables, so when it is busy you end up sharing. What makes this place worthy of note is the quality of the food. I had stir fried ginger and chilli beef, which was really tasty and well cooked. The beef was still tender. Portion was not massive but OK. My friend has a Pad Thai and that was good, and a decent size. Worth a visit if you are in Westfield and like Thai food. We found the Triscott Arms menu to be very limited and expensive for what it was, the food is very nicely cooked, thought my main came with a vegetable but all i got was a teeny couple of carrots, vegetables were at £5 each. Was hungry after my meal. The food is sourced locally but we need more variety. Went to Wormwood for a friends Birthday dinner. What a great surprise!!!First - the cocktails! We had three different ones and they were all lovely. Not a big fan of Negroni, but the one Chris makes here is a bit smoother, not quite as bitter as the ones I had before and I really enjoyed it.Then - the food! We all had three different dishes, as they are somewhere between starters and main dishes in size. I had the Foie Gras, the Croquetas and the Tomate. No disappointment there either! The Croquetas had aioli coloured black with octopus ink. Cool idea... My friends all had different food and we sampled some of each other and I must say there were nothing that tasted anything less than amazing. Well balanced flavours, but always with a small surprise somewhere, a quirky little taste of something unexpected. Never in a too much "in-your-face" way though.At last - we had dessert! By this time, we were pretty happy with what we achieved, so we only had a small one to share. Not too sure what it was called but it contained milk pannacotta and was great! I also ordered an Espresso Martini, on my friends advise. I cannot recommend it enough! Done with home-made walnut liquor, it was delicious! As a bonus, Chris offered us a taste of his 100 year old Sherry. Speachless...A cosy little restaurant, with the nicest staff that comes over and sit down with you while you discuss food & wine. A restaurant where every dish is unlike anything you've had before. A restaurant that you leave with your tastebuds memories full of exciting flavor combinations but without your credit card maxed out. Will I return? Damn straight! I loved it!!! Admittedly our first experience of Busaba but also our last. The menu is inflexible, suggesting pre packed and set 'microwave' style dinners. Some starters were not available which I believe demonstrates poor management (how can you run out of chicken satay??!!)The sweet chilli chicken resembled cut up pieces of KFC and the sticky rice was glued together and cold. The ginger beef was very tasty but the beef was too tough to be edible. The seating arrangement was such that every waiter seemed to take great pleasure in pushing past you and bumping in to you and joining a table of 12 is not ideal as a couple!Personally I would avoid and try an alternate fresh food restaurant when spending the money to elsewhere. I went with my 2 sons and my 90 year old wheelchair dependent mother to celebrate her birthday. I called beforehand and was told they had wheelchair access. Well they don't. There is step of a good 6 to 9 inches to negotiate and the entrance is awkward around 90 degree bend. They could easily purchase a small riser for these odd occasions. What was equally unacceptable was that none of the staff helped us leaving. This is quite at odds with other local restaurants I frequent with my mother eg zaykas in south ealing and the north china in acton where they genuinely care about customer service.The food was okay without really being much to write home about, there being a number of good Italians in the area I went there last night and sure im coming back. Ordered goong tohd prawns, red beef curry and roti and was pleased with the food.I was served by floor manager and the service was very attentive. Highly recommend!!! I had the Valentine's dinner at The Truscott Arms last night, great food. The first course was a beetroot salad, I was not really looking forward to it but was really pleasantly surprised, it looked stunning and tasted fantastic. The level of excellence was maintained in my starter of scallops which were cooked perfectly and came a rich foam/sauce. My wife's rabbit canneloni were also excellent. The main course of short rib of beef was tender, rich and accompanied by a wonderful sauce. The chocolate pudding was also great and came with some fanstastic peanut butter ice cream. The wine list was interesting and good value, we had a great Russian River chardonnay and some lovely zinfandel. Will definitely be going back. Only didn't get 5 stars because the service was a little bit haphazard. A gorgeous authentic London pub, with lovely and helpful staff. Our meals were good, and the airy upstairs dining area was lovely. A great Mayfair pub option. Absolutely love Hare and Tortoise. The food is always amazing and fresh. Really tasty.The service can be slow sometimes. But does not stop me from making this place my regular. Went to this branch for a late lunch Sunday 26th October and now wish I had not...first we were waiting for the host to take us to our requested seat, then proceeded to place order of 2 mains and 1 side. We waited for roughly 15 mins which in itself was not bad considering restaurant was fairly busy, however to my shock the chicken in my rice dish was cold, I got the attention of the person near us and the dish was taken away, now at no time did a manager take care of the situation which I personally thinking is not great when there is a problem. We visited this restaurant for a taste of the famous Banh Mi sandwich. It did not disappoint. We also enough the summer rolls, and found the staff to be very attentive! The pho was nice as well, though not the very best I have had. I'd certainly stop by for another sandwich in the future! We had an wonderful evening there. We had no specific opinion of the restaurant before getting there and were very positively suprised by the atmosphere, the food (and drinks) and the staff. It is really a place to go to enjoy good quality and delicious dishes. Staff is also very friendly (but professional) which add to the experience. A place to go, absolutely I was expecting something spicy but delicate, what you usually associate Thai food with. The duck dish I had was smothered in an allspice sauce with no other taste, I could not taste the duck and it could have been any other meat really.I asked for an extra hot dish but could barely detect any heat. Not recommended for real Thai food lovers. We found this little pub on an overnight visit to London, we were staying at the Marriot Hotel which is just across the road. We wanted to find somewhere to watch the rugby and this pub had a big screen. We found it friendly and welcoming, and the prices were very reasonable considering it's location. We didn't try food or anything else, but would happily return and recommend. The pizza was good and it arrived much faster than expected. The pizza was hot and we got the Grand Chicken Caesar lovers pizza and it was FABULOUS.Went there with friends and we all enjoyed the atmosphere. Nice place and good variety of pizza . My friends and I dined here and were blown away by the distinctive dishes and wonderful service. Some were hit and miss such as the prawns with chocolate, and the chocolate covered foie gras, but the tuna 4 ways and the desserts were fantastic tastebud teasers. Grab a few plates and share with your friends, tapas style. I went once in this place with my girlfriend and we came out unhappy. The hope was to have a simple but good meal from an Italian restaurant. The place was OK and the service too but the food was really poor. We got two mains: homemade gnocchi with Italian sausages and chicken and mash potatoes. The gnocchi weren't homemade but probably from the supermarket. Same for the mash potatoes. I can save the sauce for the gnocchi which actually was tasty while the chicken wasn't well cooked. I came here as I had read the reviews on some gluten free website and really enjoyed my visit. We had a drink in the bar first which I thought was lively and buzzing. Lovely to see that well behaved dogs were allowed in the bar ( though didn't have mine with me ).We ate on the top floor which was light and airy. The menu was clear showing exactly what I could and couldn't eat and the staff very knowledgable. Such a relief to feel like a customer. The service was exactly the right balance and in the end couldn't believe that we had been there for 4 hours without be hurried on at all. I would definitely come back. Cannot speak for the food as I didn't eat here. But the cocktails were exceptional, original and film inspired (total film geek here) so it was my kind of joint. Had a 3 piece jazz band going on too, super chilled but fun atmosphere, will definitely go out of my way to Brixton to come to this spot. Went for lunch today with my work colleagues - it had been a good six months since we ate at the establishment and the service has gone downhil. Waitress did not take down order correctly and was over charged due to this error. As for the food - I ordered Avacado smoothie as part of the meal, which in previous visits were very good. However, it seems they got it wrong there too - the smoothie consisted of milk and ice with very little avacado which i had complained to them about. To their credit they remade it but the second batch was only marginally better. Also, the portion of the food was somewhat smaller than what i remembered it to be with a slight increase in price to boot. When it was time to pay - the person at the till was rather surly and rude. Utterly disappointed with the food and service and will not frequent there any time soon. Popped into this restaurant for lunch with a friend as I was offered a voucher online for my favourite pizza - fiorentina. Everything was very pleasant - pizzas, soft drinks, side salad and service. Even the loos were ultra modern and clean. Interestingly, when I hung up my coat on the hook, someone was there to assist - and when I retrieved it after the meal, someone appeared out of nowhere to help me on with it. Aaaaah!! I recently celebrated a special birthday with family and friends in the Denbury Room upstairs. From start to finish, we enjoyed a fabulous experience set in a ambient, stylish and relaxed setting. The event was superbly managed by Mary Jane and supported by a very professional, efficient and friendly service team, front and back. The menu was exceptional; wonderful choices, freshly prepared ingredients, cooked to perfection, beautifully presented and delivered on time. I cannot recommend The Truscott Arms highly enough. It’s a big 10/10 from me. 6 of us ate well, sharing the famous beef, pork, tuna and foie gras dishes. Unlike some guests, we thought the wine list was interesting, and you could safely enjoy the wine at the cheaper end of the list, which is not always the case. But for all of us something didn't quite click. Atmosphere a bit cold and subdued, (we were in the back, for larger table) when tapas style food needs a bit more of an informal buzz. It's not mere tapas, of course, but we all felt that it stands a little uncomfortably with one foot in the tapas/shared plate camp, and one in fine dining. Quite expensive too; we paid just over 60 quid a head, and stayed below the middle of the list price wise. Maybe we just weren't in the mood. Can't fault the quality and presentation of the food, nor the service....attentive, friendly everything you could ask for. We were expecting to enjoy it more than we did. We were a party of nine for lunch after visiting Tussaud's we needed somewhere that served gluten free food as one of the party is allergic to this.. They found a table without too many problems and took our orders. Then the problems began, first they got the drinks wrong, bringing an extra fanta orange and not enough diet cokes. They totally forgot my meal which was the simplest being the chicken cesar salad. They also did not point out that the gluten free option is much smaller than than the normal pizzas, so disappointing. After asking what had happened to the salad it took them about another 10 minutes to bring it, without any apology either for forgetting it or time taken when reminded.. When eating it I realised they had forgotten the cheese, but really by this time and the fact that most the party had finished eating I couldn't be bothered to ask for it. Although we had a voucher for a 25% discount, get it from your phone app it was still well over £130, which to say we only had pizzas and a drink was just about average. The food was less than average and personally I think the staff need a course in customer care! Even though they made a few mistakes, there was not one apology forthcoming, this is a disappointing part of the chain. I have been eating at Addie's thai once a week for the last 3 years... This place keeps to amaze me, I have been in Thailand and the Addie's Thai's food is as good as the best restaurants i have tried there. We visited this restaurant on a Saturday evening after reserving a table on the App.The food was simply stunning and the service was very friendly and efficient.We even used the App to pay at the end! Fabulous! We went with fish and chips because, when you land in London that is what you do. Lots of beers that I have never known were there to try. Service delightful. Easy access to the Marriott next door. Read the menu and you'll learn that this is part of a chain and if you log onto their website you can claim 5 pounds off your next visit - which might come later in the day as they have several pubs. You will have to climb lots of stairs to use the Lou so plan your day. I was here with colleagues from work and guests from overseas, for a quick dinner following a business meeting nearby. We made a reservation for 6 people and when arriving in the early evening, we were shown to the table. This pizza express branch is conveniently located on Southampton Row and the inside is similar to other branches, with a cheerful brightly lit dining room, nicely decorated bar and overall a pleasant, friendly ambience. We ordered pizza, salad, and drinks. The wine (a bottle of Gavi for £22) was of very good quality and worth the expenses. I had a Pizza Napoli, which was crisp and of very good quality. We spent there one and have hours, and we had a nice ending of our business day. The total bill including all drinks was less than £110 for 6 people. Really warm and attentive greeting from the bar staff. Assumed I'd be ordering at the bar but no, they come to your tables and take orders. Brilliant to be somewhere that really understands Coeliac disease and they do everything to put your mind at rest. I had the fish and chips and my wife had a Wagyu burger, she's not Ceoliac by the way. The food was fantastic and very filling. Good range of gluten free bottled beers too.Cannot fault this place in any way. Will definitely come again next time we're in London. I came here tonight with my Mum & sister! We had a lovely evening, great family atmosphere, friendly & attentive service from staff & excellent food! I will come back again! Great evening :-) highly recommended! A Decent Fullers pub. Good range of drinks / beers. Service was respectable given that it was London Marathon dayGet here early if you want a good seat on the terrace outside overlooking the river. Sweet potatoes quinoa and cauliflower curry and a skinny decaf flat white certainly helped keep my strict diet firmly under control - lovely My colleagues and I had lunch here recently while visiting London. It was a great spot to sit looking out over the Thames while soaking up the old world charm of the pub. The food and beer were fine and we stuck to traditional pub fare. Service was friendly and prices were average for London. An excellent place to sit down and enjoy the views, friends and a pint. The food here was lovely, however the potion were tiny, that's the only problem I had. The service was good and the food was lovely, although this is a thai restaurant, I wouldnt say it's typical cultural Thai food, it was more of a British take of Thai food. The location was lovely, out of the actually shopping centre and the screny of the little stratford mini gardens were a nice view, although I would have like to sat on one of the big square table in the centre. Definitely will be going again.Accepts tastecard - a plus Reared on Puddings and Pies so we just had to try this place while in London for the day. The Kate and Sydney Pudding was one of the best I have ever had and my Gran used to make some great ones. Loved the Pub but due to the tables being close in the Restaurant, it is a little claustrophobic and the day we went it was full of rather noisy people which marred the meal somewhat. That may be just us, but we like to be able to converse without having to raise our voices but the helpings were generous and the quality more than made up for the atmosphere on the day. Would certainly go again. Crowded and loud - although that on its own wouldn't put me off. But the food was just about 'OK'. Squid was good and I would eat it again. The other dishes we tried - and we passed them round so I tried quite a few - were OK or not worth bothering with.If you enjoy Thai food, try to find something a bit more genuine. I had the misfortune to find myself in the Kensington branch of this chain. The menu states that some dishes are vegetarian, yet all hot dishes contain oyster sauce. They refused to change egg noodles to rice noodles in the chow mein and admitted that it wasn't really suitable for 'strict' vegetarians anyway. Why deceive vegetarians who order and eat these dishes? Where's the integrity in calling dishes vegetarian and not really meaning it? I suppose they are happy to take our money, but are seemingly seriously unconcerned about the contents of their food. Vegetarians and vegans should avoid at all costs. Even carnivores should beware; the staff are pretty clueless about what their dishes actually contain. I was invited for to celebrate a wedding party.Every part of the club was decorated so nice and wedding coctail party was very well organised.People who were dealing with the service and the organisation were so symphatic and helpfull.They were so eager to serve you in a best way.DJ was the best he played lots of lovely music from 80 s 90 s and daily known songs.It took us very late to leave the club but unfortunately taxi organisation was not good because we waited a long time for the taxi.Anyway I like to thanks to organisation and all the people who were resposible for that lovely wedding party. We sat waiting for our food for over half an hour while everyone at our table got theirs (even though we ordered way before them). We asked a few times where it was and the waitress was quite rude and unhelpful and tried to fob us off with "well it is very busy" before referring to the manager. After another wait we were told that there were technical issues and our order hadn't been printed (although we got our prawn crackers so seems a little odd). We eventually got the food and it was fine, but didn't really enjoy it as we had to rush to get to the cinema. Only reason that I've given it 2 stars is because the manager gave us the meal on the house due to the mix up, but I definitely won't be returning, mainly due to the waitress's attitude. It would have helped if she had taken us seriously and investigated when we first asked where our food was. Bad service always leaves a bad taste. My boyfriend took me to pizza express as a surprise before we went to madame tussauds.The place is really nice and relaxing.i would recommend to anyone who wants to eat a quality,fresh pizza.It's also nice for a family visit. I love this place.If you want a good japanese meal under £10-15 this is your place. One of the biggest servings you'll get at a restaurant. I've a big eater and this was enough for me. The katsu curries or duck are my favourite. Yes! A proper pizzeria just around the corner! This place has just opened and I'd been meaning to pop in, it's slowly slowly getting busy of an evening and when it is has a vibrant atmosphere. So far I've tried two pizzas and they have both been the thin (but not too thin) doughy (but not doughnuty) crisp (but not crunchy) perfect Italian pizza, fresh tomato sauce, tasty mozzerella and cooked in a proper stone baked wood oven, with fresh ingredients.It is in an odd spot I suppose, not on the 'gentrified' side of the Stow, but that will start no doubt soon enough with places like Marilucia popping up. Probably not decorated for the gentrified clientele either if I'm honest, but you'll need to look past this as the food is yummy. Over time once this place establishes itself I hope the menu will expand some more too as there is room for it, definitely check it out. I love the Shrub and Shutter so much my friends have asked me to stop talking about it. Fantastic bar, amazing team with ridiculously creative minds and a whole bunch of talent. The drinks are seriously all bang on, but not only do they taste great (and often different - try something you've never heard of!) they also often come with a bit of spectacle.Food's great too, although I've only tried the bar snacks - but can recommend them all, especially the chickpea fries. I return again and again and again. A must do if you're in Brixton, and worth coming down to the area for. I go to London periodically for business, and I love to stop at the Newman Arms pie room, a cozy space at the top floor of a pub. For £10, you can get a delicious pie (and don't forget the traditional British desserts, which I recommend with custard). I especially like the Beef & Guinness and the Chicken & Broccoli. The pie room is small, so it can be hard to get a table at certain times, but if you go early in the evening (at 6 when they open for supper), it's usually not too crowded. Also note that it is only open M-F. I have had good experiences here and would absolutely recommend. We'd all had bad weeks but all I can say is that the silky smooth and perfectly flavoured beef and guinness pie accompanied by a nice pint of Harvey's meant that we all cheered up pretty quickly.Even our veggie friend was happy.This place is a proper pub, in central London - a rare and wonderful thing. We decided to go for a cocktail in Brixton and were directed to The Shrub and Shutter. Due t there being so much written on the menu most of us skim read and chose the one that we thought looked nicest. Whilst standing waiting to order my friend asked a bar man what he would recommend, when another bar man came over and said don't speak to him he's too busy, speak to me. Another of the staff then came past myself knocking me into a pot of water then they proceeded to make me feel like with were drunken idiots. Our cocktails arrived and we were all very underwhelmed by both the quantities and the taste. Perhaps it was that we simply ordered wrong in terms of the cocktails but there is nothing to excuse poor service. When we made our feelings clear to one of the bar men we then received very good service. Yep, you get what's written on the tin and the standard is consistent. Was with a couple of friends on a pub jolly and broke here for a stomach filler. Hadn't been to a PE for a while and this did the job; prime location so you would expect it to be popular which it was. I guess that like all chains the aim is ensure the product sits well in the market and that folk keep on coming back ..on this rationale PE have got it right. Personally I would prefer a more up market pizza joint ..a case of horses for courses (pardon slight pun) you might say. Staff very prompt and attentive and wait time from order to meal on table was pretty much spot on. In these sort of places you have to watch the drink prices and here is no exception ..others may be happy (or feel resigned) to pay £4.50 for a Peroni ..well, sorry to disappoint, I'm not, and was very happy with a jug of tap water. Two dear friends in London took me to the Newman Arms last December. From my first visit I was enchanted by the cozy first floor (upstairs) Pie Room with its burning fireplace. It is my new favorite London restaurant. I have made five additional visits since my first. The wait staff (Sarah and Verity, the two I have met) are outstanding and so very personable. The pies are the best I have found in London. The Beef n Guinness is superb. The big plus at Newman is that the pies are served with potatoes and vegetables at no extra cost! It is a wonderful evening out and a great value. I have made numerous return visits and never once disappointed. The upstairs room can fill up so have your concierge book a table. As an interesting side line, every February I plan, prepare, and present a special meal for my wife at Valentine’s Day. It might be worth adding, I am not a cook. I so love the vegetables at the Newman Arms that I emailed them to ask if they could help a desperate husband out. Tracy Newman, the owner herself, wrote a two page instruction sheet for me. How cool was that. I made a great impression at the meal with my Tracy Vegetables from Newman Arms. The Newman is a very short walk from the Goodge or Tottencourt Road tube stations. Staying close to this branch in Soutampton Row, London and wanted a simple meal early evening on a Sunday night. I thought "its just a pizza place" it will do for a quick meal. Premises looked clean and bright and on entry we were greeted by a most pleasant server who obviously know his job. Top marks to him. Had a very acceptable bottle of wine, a pizza and a pasta, followed by desserts and coffee. A really good meal in a pleasant environment served by friendly staff. Plus a discount on the meal for showing a London map. Not just a pizza place, how wrong can you be. we had pork summer rolls which were good, then rare beef pho which was also nice. could have done with more than 2 slices of chilli with our garnish. also it was so hot in there even before the soup came we did feel we were back in vietnam! liked the thai basil, which very few vietnamese places do. I am a Pizza Express regular - we've used them as a family for years.This one is on the junction of Baker St and Euston Road and the surroundings feel a bit touristy especially on a warm summer's evening in June. And so I was expecting a pressured experience and some consternation that I was eating solo. Not a bit of it - I had a choice of sitting outside, inside or downstairs. My waiter was quick, friendly and attentive and had the skill of leaving me alone to enjoy my meal but being available to catch his eye when I needed something else. The food quality was good as usual and the ambience was a busy hum. Really enjoyed my time (I had mozarrella and tomato salad, American Hot Pizza and the coconut Premio Gelato (recommended) Nice lunch at barley mow duke street i had a mix grill burger and my friends had 5 gammon and eggs. This is my new favorite pub in mayfair.Beer nice and cold & great service. We have been visiting this cafe frequently since it first opened. The owner is a lovely man -- warm and welcoming. The food is excellent -- the pizza oven is not to be believed. The cafe has good house wines by the glass, and the best tiramisu I have eaten in years and years. We came here with family and were seated in a most dismissive way. One of the reasons for eating Thai food is that it should not contain wheat as wheat was not originally grown in SE Asia. to be told that only one of the stir fries and curries was gluten free came as a bit of a shock. I suspect the meals are pre-cooked ( or at least pre-prepared) and shipped in. The sticky rice was beyond sticky and really just a lump of starch in a plastic bag, albeit hidden in a woven wicker basket. The Jasmine rice was not fragrant and the coconut rice lacked coconut.Not very nice, not going backThe Vietnamese restaurant in the main body of the shopping mall is far superior and far less costly, although the surroundings are not as pleasant I thoroughly enjoyed my first visit to this excellent little pub last night and had a wonderfully cooked pie and desert. Staff were very attentive and downstairs was everything a small West End pub should be. Upstairs was cramped and the loos grotty (which is why it doesn't get all five circles) but the food and staff more than made up for it. Will visit again. Went last Friday evening and was so happy I booked a table as it was completely heaving.If the twelve pies on offer daily are not enough then there are 2 pies of the day as well.Mine was the Dragon Pie with chili beef and kidney beans and it was extremely good.The other was the fish pie with a mash top and salmon scallops and something else but was reported to be fantastic.Harvey's Best Bitter on tap - always a great find outside of Sussex but especially in London. Atmosphere lovely and food fantastic. Tastebuds on overdrive with all the different flavours. Well worth a visit. This is your classic english pub with good beer, average service, and bad food. As with most english pubs, I would recommend drinking, but not eating, here. There are better places to eat all around the Grosvenor's area. Came here when it was very busy but the staff made us feel at home. Very nice pizza and best starters. We went to Busaba last Saturday. Despite the restaurant was really busy, our experience was awesome: delivery was fair for the kind of trade, food was great, and service very friendly and polite (especially the 2 managers).I'll definitely come back to Busaba Stratford to enjoy this incredible atmosphere. I went for lunch with some work colleagues and yes it was on the run up to Christmas, but the little restaurant was in full swing, to be fair the location the look and the decor all managed my expectations to a fairly average level. ?..Oops how wrong try again my lad, all our dishes and there were 8 inour group were spot on, flavour was at its hight amazing.... good wine and unbeatable prices made for a wonderful lunch, well worth further visiting. Deception well apparently the owner is a slight of hand magician and entertaining .Very good. I visited Busaba Eathai for the first tome tonight and it was really busy at 18.40 with groups, families and after work patrons so a very popular place to be.My food was very good, exceptionally fresh & delicious. I had the Thai Calamari- £6.95 Goong Tohd (prawns in breadcrumbs) -£6.95 Chargrilled Duck Breast with rice & greens - £14.95 which was exceptional .{As you know I over order to try more things so my portion really is for two people or two meals}.It's a lovely modern venue, with open plan seating, Japanese square tables, though I did wonder how the long shared benches would suit different patrons.All of the staff were lovely, smiley and helpful so that's always appreciated and an incentive to return. It reminded me of the chain "Ping Pong" , to me this would be the Ping Pong of Thai food in that it's a chain but high end quality Toilets are dimly lit, clean, neat and "zen" though up a flight of stairs so do enquire if there's a ground floor one. I did smile at the men & women's symbols on the main doors. We LOVE the upstairs restaurant at the Truscott Arms (not really been to the bar/pub downstairs). We have been there 4 times in the last couple of months and it never disappoints. It's not a gastro pub - it's actually a cut above but not too stuffy or formal. The dining room has great atmosphere and the food is superb - inventive and delicious! We think it's amazing value for money and friends we've brought here have quickly become converts too.It's rare to find a foodie gem in London where you don't have to book months in advance. If this were in Soho or central London somewhere you wouldn't be able to get a table but I love the fact that it's local and you can book days in advance and usually still get a table on a Friday or Saturday night.It's a secret that I almost don't want to share but at the same time I want the restaurant to do well and to tell other people about it because it's just so good!PS Anyone on a gluten free diet will be well catered for - the options on the menu are marked clearly and on a couple of occasions I have even had fresh, delicious gluten free bread! A bonus on top of the already delicious food. The lamb rack special for 2 that we had on Friday was incredible. My friend & I went to Melanzana for pizza. The food was good as well as the service.This place is located on 140 Westbridge Road. https://www.flickr.com/photos/kombizz/15146400459/ Had a great meal for family of 4. The service was efficient, and all pizzas, lasagne and pasta tasted great! Excellent drop in after visiting local attractions, good for quick short lunch in between visiting museums.Our waitress - a very nice polish lady - witam z Polski i Jerozolimie! Very creative and innovative dishes by a really talented chef, who formerly worked at The Ledbury, Mediterranean cuisine, mixing the charms and flavours of Spain, the Middle East and Algeria. The lamb tartar and the fois gros are sublime. The cocktails are a real draw - the bartender is very creative! Try the saki martini!! The restaurant has been open only two weeks. My husband and I walked about 2 hours (because we are blind and walked right past) to get to the Truscott Arms from Chelsea after reading about it online on a recent trip to London, and it did not disappoint. The atmosphere was very trendy and it was very busy on a Thursday night. We sat in the bar area on the first floor, has a very relaxed feeling. We ordered cheese trays for two to start, I ordered the fish and chips, and my husband ordered a burger. I was so excited to get a chance to have some traditional British fare during my trip as most places do not offer gluten free options on the classics, and it has been a long time since I have been able to have fish and chips at all.The cheeses arrived, with a separate board for each of us and included four cheeses, gluten free toast, and fig compote. The cheeses are all British cheeses. They were excellent, and the fig compote was delicious paired with them. Our mains took a bit longer than expected, but the wait staff took note of this and came to the table to inform us the manager was looking into the delay without us even having to ask about it. Our food appeared within five minutes of that and was completely worth the wait. The gluten free beer-battered fish was wonderful in flavour and texture, and I am picky about my fish as an east coast girl. The homemade tartar sauce was lovely and the chunky chips were crisp without being overcooked. My only complaint would be that the fish is served on a green pea puree, which, while tasty, made the crispy batter on the fish somewhat soggy (but maybe this is how fish and chips with mushy peas is supposed to be served?). I would have preferred the peas on the side. My husband enjoyed the burger as well, and he also really liked the chunky chips.Overall, I would highly recommend this place, especially if you have gluten issues. On my next trip to London, I look forward to trying the restaurant level upstairs! Ordered Eggs Benedict and Coffee for myself and a Croissant Sandwich for my little one. Food came swiftly. Presentation were as delightful as the handsome host. I must say it was one of the best breakfast I had in London. Also loved the deco made of re-purposed material.I do find them refreshing. You ll find many young professionals flocking into this place possibly because it has that cool vibes. Even made a friend or two during my hour long visit here. Will come back again for sure! Having read that this place has an issue with rats in its kitchen, you'd think it wouldn't be nice. However they've obviously pulled their socks up as the food is solid. The service can be a bit variable. The coffee is also delicious. A latte before a movie - very civilised! The first time I dined here it was for a sunday dinner with a group. The food was excellent and the service was very good.I was disappointed when I came for my second visit this week. We were seated and waited about 10 minutes to be presented with menus- yes if you're busy I understand, but in this case the delay appeared to be due to three stuff members having a good old chat. Then when someone came to finely take our orders she told us the lamb was not available, not their fault but given its probably one of the most ordered dishes and half our table were planning on ordering it I feel it would have been nice if we were told when they gave us the menus. They also didn't have the wine we ordered and our server did not really know anything about their wines, it might have been nice if she offered to get someone who could help us. The food was nice but the roast lamb is definitely better than the roast beef we had to order. Finally when we ordered dessert again one of the two we ordered was not available-.All in all I have had one excellent visit and one average, hence the 4/5. Nice place for a roast but for the price their service needs to improve a lot. The usual PE menu, food cooked well. Staff efficient, friendly and helpful, pleasant & clean surroundings. No suprises and all you would expect from a Pizza Express. Maida Vale's best eatery. Consistently high quality food and delightful service. Dining on the terrace has been an added pleasure recently, including under the very effective canopy in a storm! And the gluten-free dishes and awareness shows they careMartin going to try and keep this shore as it is late.......when today for a meal for my girlfriends mothers birthday. we had fun as the safe were very welcoming and helpful, they have incense burning as you come in and a lovely simple decor. the food was good, we ordered quite a lot for 4 people and the food was good some dishes far better than others..... i must say though, i said we ordered a lot but the portions are still quite small. but all in all had a great day and well defiantly go back......... 1. thing let your waiters keep all there service charge or don't put it on the bill :) I visited this venue for a bridal shower, we had the shared options consisting of 6 items each - rice, pad Thai, Thai green chicken curry, fried chicken and a couple of other items. The food was nice but not extraordinary or anything, good value for money however.The atmosphere was laid back and relaxed with excellent and attentive service.I'll surely recommend and visit again. I went on a Friday evening about 8.45 pm.To my surprise one of the waiting staff tried to put me in a seat in the window, i was on my own!I ordered some sushi a noodle dish and a sparkling water.The sushi appeared immediately and looked rather small and sad. I ate it quickly as my main course arrived seconds later.The main course was very small in size. I asked the manager if i had a starter size? He said no and his manner was very unusual. He kept on giving this very false smile after everything he said. He assured me that everything was weighed/prepared off site? Then cooked here. So it could not be wrong??I explained that i eat in a lot of Asian restaurants and am used to much larger portions. Again he gave this strange smile and said there was nothing he could do. I was amazed at his attitude!I left hungry after spending £14.20.I will not be back. Three of us had Roast Lamb. Came out on a big plate that we managed 3/4 of! The Lamd was delicious and perfectly cooked. The Roast Spuds and Veg we all full of flavour. Really amazing lunch and Great Beer. Stagediver at 7.2% is a lovely IPA We were served by Nicola who is really friendly and super attentive. He did warn me that the arrabbiata was hot. I love hot food and thought I would easily cope with it. But this dish is crazy spicy !!! My boyfriend had a small bite and cried (although he is a little wimpy).Would definitely recommend to believe your server when he tells you a dish is very hot. I had a fantastic pizza and the staff were very friendly, the atmosphere was great. We will be back for another delicious supper soon! Nice restaurant in an area with surprisingly few good dining opportuniies. The chef seem to be rather careful not to overdue the fine flavours of the basic ingredients.  I'll be back. We had a dinner with friends there. To tell the truth it has been a long time since I could enjoyed both the food and the service so much. Everything what we ordered was nice and fresh and really delicious. My family and I decided to drop into a coffee shop for a little snack while wandering down the Roman. Muxima is not anything like the places that used to be on Roman Road. It's fun and funky.It has delicious coffee and food (I especially enjoyed my rhubarb crumble with cream). The owner and staff were all friendly. I would go back the next time I'm in Bow. Last minute decision to come here for more drinks and then a gluten free dinner on Saturday night. Starting with a few cocktails which I would say are small to medium in terms of portion and flavour - I prefer punchier flavours so it was probably too easy to drink... My friend had originally made a booking for two but as I was a last minute addition the table wouldn't be available until 8:30pm (originally 6:30) so it's important to book in advance! There's a great outdoor area with heaters if you want to drink outside but you still need a jacket! Inside are two levels - downstairs for the bar and drinks while upstairs for the restaurant. This gastropub specialises in gluten free options which is definitely it's USP and quite varied too. They do a tasting menu (can't remember how many courses), 2 course and 3 course too which are priced accordingly. We all ordered the 2 course menu as we had already had a lot to drink and weren't overly hungry. However we were all served a complimentary pre-starter and pre-dessert which were both light and gluten free. We ordered totally different courses and were happy with our own dishes. In hindsight the three course was better value but only if you are hungry (portion sizes were smallish)! As for the vegetarian options I really wasn't inspired by the main which is why I ordered the entree and dessert only. But I was really happy with what I had and would come back as it's pretty much got everything and perfect location. I went there for dinner two days ago and ordered veg spring rolls and a chicken pad Thai. The spring rolls were tasteless and bland and the pad Thai was so oily and salty. It felt like it had been cooked in fish sauce. It was the most disgusting meal I've had out ever. I threw up in the morning. I'm NEVER going there again. Thai food is my favourite so this place was a huge let down. Disappointed! Paolo's is classic Italian. We're local so it's a regular. We had a family birthday last night. Everything was as excellent as ever, but took son's vegetarian girlfriend who said her ravioli starter was "the nicest thing I have ever had"Can't say farer that that can you? This place is disappointing. I'm a big fan of Thai food but the menu is limited and over priced. What we did get was reheated and not great and the set up poor and impersonal! Who wants to sit on a table for four with another couple they've never met?? We won't be returning. I recently ate lunch at Banh Mi Bay, and had an overall excellent experience. The service was quick and friendly, the food was very delicious, and seemingly of a very high quality, and the prices were beyond reasonable. Highly recommended. Probably one off favourite places to eat! Food is always great have only ever had one bad experience but they were very helpful! Just make sure you ask if they have the squid before you sit down! Because it's the piéce de resistance on the menu!! This is a true gem. Delicious food, attentive service, nice ambiance and a great dining experience. Alain the GM greeted us the moment we arrived and was kind enough to recommend a fantastic tasting menu with wine.Some of the best food and service we have ever received in London and a place we will definitely return to Good service Amazing food. Great service. More than you would expect in a pizza place. A tiny bit pricy. JUST TRY PUTTING YOUR KNIFE AND FORK DOWN! from the fantastic smiling and warm waitresses and the delicious beautifully prepared food-this is a winner in every way.the somellier was helpful and knowledgeable and the chef was charm personified.our friends had been two or three times before and were spot on in their choice.not one bad dish between 5 of us.the amuse guile was as good as I have eaten anywhere.we will be back A party of 8 (adults, teenagers and kids), we were accommodated in this small bistro quite late and at short notice. The bistro was busy and thats always a good sign! The food is Italian and was delicious. Water, bread and olives were given as we sat down, very welcome. It is moderately priced, but beware of the sides at £5 a portion of fries we thought that was a bit excessive. (That said we did have free bread and olives!). The owner did some great magic tricks which we all loved and the atmosphere was lovely. Needs to work on treating staff a bit nicer or being more discreet, as they were very good to be fair.Good customer service and friendly with good food, can't fault that! It certainly looked like one of the better restaurants in the area, although we weren't able to try any others! We were a party of five who ate here this afternoon after visiting the new Star Wars Exhibition at Madame Tussauds.Prompt and efficient service. Tasty food all round (3 out of 5 ate pizza, 1 ate calzone and 1 ate risotto).Recommended if you are in this part of London, but always book first! Kings Road Pizza Expresswasn't there always a caddy with chili oil and olive oil? Mixed salad just came with a disj of the P.E. house dressing, which is not my favourite. We are here as a family of two adults and two kids. The kids both had pad thai which was bland and tasteless. The adults ordered Tom yam talay which was pretty awful. Thai calamari was dry, rubbery and pretty tasteless. The som tam was ok but very small and contained virtually no dry shrimps. One other dish was also pretty bland and tasteless. Be warned the bill for this was £65. A 10 percent service charge was added. All told the portions were very small and the food pretty tasteless. We all lefts still feeling hungry. I would not recommend this place at all. Had a meal for 6 of us which was £65 per head before wine - most were disappointing but..One of the guests said it was one of the worst meals she had ever had.Her menu choices:The Mackerel - which looked weird and tasted disgusting.The Langoustine froth - looked lacking but tasted okThe Colcannon - which looked like something someone had thrown up, well a pile of mashed potatoes is never going to set the heart racing and it didn't.The dessert - she had given up by then!Another abiding memory was another guest being covered in a whole glass of red wine! Consistently good tasting food. The welcome is always warm and the vibe is just right.Have regular coffees here and gave tried breakfast and dinner menu's. It is what it is! Chain pizza place just around the corner from hotel. Had an excellent meal on a rainy monday afternoon. Very friendly & efficient staff. Used Tesco tokens & Not made to feel 2nd class!! Will be back for more lovely Pizza!! Good selection of beers.Food looked good though we didn't eat.Interesting interior with tables right along the windows overlooking the river.Outside seating. Good atmosphere Had the pleasure to be on vacation and staying at the hotel next to the Barley Mow. My family visited the pub many times during our stay and were never disappointed. The food was good, the pints were great but the staff was outstanding, especially Julie. She went out of her way to make sure we were well taken care of each day and on my daughters birthday, Julie made sure a bowl of ice cream with a candle was presented followed by leading the pub in singing 'happy birthday'. A truly memorable experience that won't be forgotten (thanks Julie!). If I ever find myself back in London, I'll be sure to visit the Barley Mow again. The food is lovely and the service is very good. Staff are very friendly and they are good on recommendations of any dishes that we what to eat. We love there Thai calamari and Chilli beef fillet which is full of flavours and the spiciness of the dish is very good. There mango lassi is very lovely. I took my parents to the Truscott Arms after I had heard good things about the food here. Always a little worried that I might be disappointed, I booked a table for Sunday Lunch in the restaurant situated upstairs, above the bar. Once we arrived upstairs, the welcome was friendly and informal. Curried parsnip soup to start did not disappoint; it didn't arrive within minutes and looked to have been freshly prepared. It was fantastic. Then followed the roast beef which had been seared and then slow cooked in a barbeque oven which gave the meat an incredible smokey flavour. Wonderful roast potatoes, yorkshire pudding and vegetables were served alongside. There were four of us dining and the main course was piled high on a wooden serving platter which we helped ourselves from. Desert did not disappoint either, with a wonderful cheese platter and a fabulous chocolate pudding. I would return to the Truscott Arms with confidence, particularly with visiting friends and family. It is not outrageously expensive, yet it is not cheap either - but, it was a truly fantastic Sunday lunch! We have decided to have a brunch at Oscar, it was a fantastic idea! The staff was very kind with us, even switching off the air conditioning on request. The brunch was awesome, and the place is fantastic, not too classy, at the right level to feel comfortable. I highly recommend this place ! I went to the Wormwood for lunch with 6 friends, and we spent about 3 hours there enjoying the most incredible dishes and delicious cocktails.It was a completely new experience, like no other restaurant we have ever been to before. The combinations of foods were completely well-suited and original, and each dish was so imaginative and well-considered.Every dish looked like something out of masterchef- I have never seen food like it before.The butternut squash was fantastic- roasted squash with a sweet squash puree and crunchy butternut squash crisps to finish it off. The way that the chef varied the textures on the plate with different techniques was brilliant.The confit baby aubergine was another favourite. It had this sublime smooth and silky texture and a sweet, well-seasoned taste.The cocktails were great too- especially the lychee one and the interesting twists on classic drinks.The setting is modern and comfortable- it is a smart venue without being too flashy or pretentious. You feel like you can relax and enjoy the cuisine.Desserts were also brilliant- the charred, caramelised pineapple and cheesecake were lovely.We had a brilliant meal and I have booked to go for lunch with my family - I cannot wait to go back!! Was here in June and gave a 4* rating but regret to say the food standard has dropped. Pizzas were overdone done at the edges and tough to consume; not a patch on the same meal enjoyed at the Strand PE with the missus a few weeks back. As previously reported you sort of expect 'par for course' at chain restaurants so, ok, it did the business but there was no warmth or wow factor (whereas PE Srand excelled). Initially we had gone into the Pizza Hut across the road but they were full. Appreciate this is central London and I don't mind paying a slight premium when a place really pushes the boat out for you but £16 for a pizza of mediocre standard is toppy. Location will always ensure a regular flow of customers ..but can also allow complacency to creep in, Informal dining, authentic southern Italian food Sardinian I believe. My first visit was with the kids and another couple with their son, initially quiet during the festive lull but filled up later. I have been to Sardinia and southern Italy several times and is very typical of family eaterie from the region. There are large selection of standard and more exotic pizzas, peroni beers, daily specials , lamb chops, sea food etc the vegetables are ordered separately btw. We all enjoyed our meal in relaxed atmosphere with non pushy friendly attentiveness. I have been back sine with one of my daughters for 2 margaritas after a football match think 7.95 each. Yes its worth going yes I would go again and after all there are not many places that are relaxed, clean child friendly and you can enjoy each others company probably lingering over couple of drinks after meal should you wish. ( certainly not pretentious like certain village places ). We decided to explore as we were staying walking distance. Very pleasantly surprised by cosy pub (with bar menu), but were brought upstairs into elegant dining room. Everybody delighted with inventive starters: crab, rabbit and lobster. Three of us had cod for maincourse: absolute perfection, we all agreed! For my 13year old the food was a bit too adventurous, but very happy grown ups. Warmly recommend. Impressive wine list. The rice was dry and the food had no flavour. There were no Thai spices to be tasted. We might as well had McDonalds. Read great reviews about this restaurant but a very surly waiter showed us to our table. He was obviously sick and coughed and sneezed into his hand and constrantly blew his nose. Not once did I see him wash his hands but continued to serve drinks, food, etc. We were disgusted and would never eat here again. Food was just "okay". We generally like pizza express. But this episode was not one of the best. After being seated (in a cramped location) the initial service to get drinks was slow, very slow (and the restaurant was not busy). The starters were good and my pizza was good but my wife's base was underdone and barely edible The wait for the bill was way too long as well. This place is a unique hidden golden gem..from the booking starters main puddings. ..couldn't find any fault at all..top class service. ..waiter was very entertaining. Staff welcoming. Place was clean friendly and professional was ok point. Every plate of food that arrived was followed by a wow! Will be coming back for sure. .well done guys. Top class service. Really friendly staffs, good Italian food and cheap prices. It's not far from to Battersea Park.With a simple setting and nice ambience, for sure will come back again. Service was great. Pizza was good, but not exceptional. We left still hungry. At least they didn't rush us so we had a nice rest which we appreciated. We did go to another Pizza Express as well where everything was the same. I guess the smaller portions are a corporate decision. Restaurants in London cost at least twice as much as in North America, some even three and four times as much so plan to spend a lot of money on food. This lovely pub is in Maida Vale, a short walk from Warwick avenue tub station.We had difficulty finding it because of an incorrect address on another website, so when we got out of Paddington station(the address given on said site) we phoned the pub and spoke to MJ who gave us a choice of directions via walking, cab or bus. She offered us a free gluten free beer when we got there and she was lovely.We ordered some pork scratchings and then cod and chips with mushy peas and it was very tasty with a light batter and fine french fries style chips. (£25 all up as drinks for us this time were on the house) We both could have had more peas, but left very full and satisfied.The pub serves meals until 10 pm and we would recommend it to both coeliacs and non coeliacs alike. Yesterday three of us went there for a dinner meal, my friend brought me there for the first time. The place is beautiful and very modern, food was lovely. I had their Sen Chan Pad Thai and Jasmine Smoothie.... loved it. Popped into The Truscott Arms on Sunday evening ,good atmosphere and good table ( that bit is always important)Had the burger and found it perfectly acceptable.Good beer and wine selection. Good way to spend a couple of hours This seems to be the "leaving drinks" place of choice. Food platters are good and you can secure private areas for a few people. Friendly staff and always helpful. We had a nice late lunch here. The pizza was very good. Two of us had the Calzones. They were delicious. Very accompanying staff as we went off menu a little. Normal pizza express standard food which I've always found to be very good Went there for dinner with my boyfriend and we couldn't believe how bad the restaurant. was. First the interiors are quite cold and IKEA looking, but we where looking forward to trying the food. We order cocktails K.O.sake from the very promising menu they came in a quite small glass with ice so not much of the drink there and we couldn't taste any sake or gin all we could taste was alcohol and lemon for £12.00 each?We order the aubergine dish and the risotto as starters, aubergine was well presented and very nice, the risotto.. Risotto really? £14.00 for a tapas size overcooked dish that looked more like a bowl of porridge. At this point we where quite angry and hoping for the other 2 dishes to be better and we decide we couldn't really order a bottle of wine because there wasn't enough food to accompany it so we got 2 glasses of white wine which were warm. Anyway the sea bream arrived , it was overcooked very small fillet of frozen fish with 2 leaves of pok choy and didn't taste of much other than not very fresh fish. The scallops dish looked nice but still a starter size for £14.00 , 1 chewy scallop divided in 2 with a very small piece of haddock, the vegetables were ok but again not very fresh fish.By now we are still very hungry we had 4 dishes not very good - the size of a starter and our bill was already around £90.00 disgraceful!. We live in the area we eat out quite a lot in expensive restaurants, where they serve real food, not false, empty promises! Zero out of 5 The Head's chef experience and skill clearly sets this place above other Gastro pubs/European dining in London which are often over priced and average. It is simply the BEST Sunday roast in London bar none. Wife and I shared beef and pork Sunday roast - cooked to perfection and trimmings of the highest quality. Returned last night for a mid week dinner prided at £37 for 3 courses. Lobster, beef and cod dishes all excellent. Wonderful flavours and contrasts, and great presentation without being too fussy. Portions were not the largest so may not completely satisfy the big eaters out there, but I was suitably full after the 3 courses. They also have a more expensive tasting menu option. Excellent selection of beers and wine as well.Don't think of this place as expensive for a pub, it is not, it is cheap for a high quality restaurant you would easily be paying double for if it was more centrally located. A great find. Went there with my boyfriend for breakfast. He had eggs with chorizo on toast and I had the eggs with pepper on toast. Plus a pain au chocolat and toast. His was good mine just not. My peppers were old and didn't tasted fresh anymore. The pain au chocolat was from the day before and was already hard. However the sourdough bread/ toast was really lovely. To be honest I had better breakfast in this area but the cafe is nice and the staff friendly so we will give it another try. Disappointed with the whole experience. We were a walk in table and we knew we would expect a wait, not a problem the shop was ok for the kids, my daughters excitement over seeing the enchanted talking tree now nick named the enchanted marketing tree "don't forget to look at the t-shirts before you leave"!! inappropriate! story telling to the children waiting would be an idea you can have for free!Your adventure starts here!! EXCITED, what will we see? what will happen... not a lot to be honest. a small restaurant covered in leaves with come periodic thunder sound and light flashing and a gorilla that moved periodically. Adventure??? some colouring in for kids (nice touch given in most places nowadays). Our Guides (waiters) didn't even play the part.. children's pizza was nice but was just a small pizza, and a gone off fruit salad I sent back! adults food... It was a nice burger, small lettuce leaf and a few fries.... it was ok but it wanted to be for £18!!!the entertainment was children celebrating birthdays made to stand on a chair and have the restaurant sing to them... (TGI's plays a more entertaining song) after 4 times my daughter gets excited, we noted it was her aunties birthday.... she was overlooked (much to my sister in laws relief but not my daughters).tbh I expected more, and was massively disappointed.Mc Donald's would have been more entertaining with a happy meal toy and a fresh fruit bag!!Don't waste your money like we did, regardless of London prices!There are better places for children. we went to Cilia for a family Sunday lunch and weren't disappointed Tasty food at very reasonable cost. I certainly would go again Turkish type food but something for everyone Just come back from a company Christmas lunch where the head waitress was aggressively rude and unhelpful and the food was closer to what you'd be served in a primary school than in a central London brasserie. Our questions about the menu were met with rude, mono-syllabic answers and resulted in us getting the menus physically snatched off us. 'All the trimmings' on my Christmas dinner consisted of 3 burnt sprouts, two pigs in blankets and some very sad an unappetising potatoes.We have been here a few times for client lunches...suffice to say we will never be returning. You have been warned! The baguettes are made to order with fresh ingredients - I recommend the panda special where it's a combination of stay chicken and grilled pork in a baguette.The restaurant /cafe is open till 7 or 8pm instead of 5pm stated here. Worth a try if you a in the neighbourhood. Enjoyed delicious salt beef sandwiches today in 'The Feathers' My husband also enjoyed a very good pint of Guinness. Staff were very pleasant altogether with a good atmosphere throughout. Food was served very nicely and the fries were very good. Would just suggest that 'chefs' clothing be a little whiter, think owner should invest in new ones! Great place to take young kids, animated animals, rain forest thunder and lightening, lots of other kids enjoying running round. Food was good I had belly of pork slow cooked. Happy for you to take your own cake and candles. No booking you have to queue so avoid peak hours. Opens 1230 and we easily got a table. There are several floors. Delighted and happy Granddaughter Ella! First off - I have been to different Bill's in London probably 30+ times. Never had an issue with food or service before. The experience at this particular Bill's was terrible tho! Our waiter was really rude and impatient and had an attitude throughout the whole evening. He forgot to order our mains in the kitchen which meant we had to wait almost 1 1/2 hours for our mains. He didn't really apologise for that or offered any compensation. They also got one of our mains wrong, which delayed everything even further. He didn't apologise again and tried to blame this on us arguing about what my friend ordered which her really uncomfortable. When paying we politely asked if it is possible to take the service charge off as we felt that the service did not deserve a £15 tip. The waiter didn't even ask why and just got us a new bill without the charge. Since we paid individually for our food he asked us to count everything together in the end in a very rude way. This is certainly his job and not the customers! Will not be returning to this Bill's and neither should you! Booked for a girls' night out & McQueen seemed a perfect venue as it has restaurant, bar and club all-in-one. Not disappointed! Cocktails at the lounge were delicious, dinner at the posh looking restaurant was delicious too, and had a bit of dance in the club after. A perfect Saturday night, will book again! We came here for tea, not for the first time. Today it was really crowded and noisy. Although the staff were great at no point were we offered replenishment's of sandwiches or scones. The quality of the vegetarian and non fish eater sandwiches were disappointing, so it was ok that they did not offer more as they were not very nice! The scones were lovely. Cakes a bit disappointing. This was a great find close to the Aldwych Theatre. Pub downstairs and restaurant upstairs so not suitable for anyone with mobility problems. The menu had vegan and vegetarian options as well as burgers, fish and chips and a good selection of pies - all very reasonably priced for London! Unfortunately we had already had a main meal somewhere else and just went in for desserts and coffee. They had traditional desserts (for just under a fiver): sticky toffee pudding, chocolate brownie or waffles with ice cream or custard, but strangely no cream. The main meals that came out looked lovely. We then decided to have a drink but found their choice of spirits quite limited: only one brand of gin and no Disaronno, Tia Maria or Spiced Rum. However, I would definitely come here again and would recommend to others This was a typical Nando's experience. We were seated quickly and the server was polite but after ordering, we noticed that our food was waiting at the counter and had to ask them to get it. It was the lunch hour so maybe just a bit busy. I had a chicken Caesar salad which was very good quality. I would eat here again. You pay as you order so we ordered mains and a dessert -it was lunch time and we were the first of only 3 other tables. We waited 50 minutes for our main food which included a coconut curry, when the food arrived it was only luke warm and seemed very watered down - did not taste in the slightest bit of coconut. As we got to the end of our meal, I asked that our dessert be brought over as we were in a rush and had a bus to catch. 10 mins later, no sign of dessert - they had not defrosted it in the 1hour 20mins we were there. A (previously absent) manager apologised for our obvious displeasure and gave us our semi-frozen dessert to take away. I missed my coach and waited 2 1/2 hours for the next. Thank you. We have been regular visitors to your restuarant enjoying particularly the Papaya salads however, more recently as these have been gradually getting smaller and smaller we have swapped over to your vegitarian chilli and ginger tofu, sadly this seems to have suddenly diapered completely. Thankfully your super waitress Rosea was on hand to advice use on a pancake. Excellent thank you so much xxx Been here three times now and it is a very nice little restaurant for a quick and tasty Vietnamese/Asian dinner. Lots of food options, mostly very tasty, and staff are friendly and welcoming. Prices pretty reasonable too. Although the fries at Honest Burger are not what they were two years ago (perhaps because of the rapid expansion of the chain?), their onion rings are fantastic. Also delicious: the fritter that serves as a veggie burger and their beef burgers. As a coeliac, I was impressed with the staff's honesty about gluten in the kitchen and their willingness (and ability) to accommodate my needs. Highly recommended! After a good first visit I thought I'd return. Was seated quickly, presented the menu and I had pretty much decided on food by the time they came for my drinkOrdered the stereotypical bhaji starter, hot curry (garlic chilli lamb) and pilau rice with naanThe starter arrived quickly, so I assume was simply "zapped" The main course was tasty enough, but portion control was evident here. Now I understand meeting a price point, and I'm never troubled by the portion sizes normally - but I felt a tad short changed.The crowning glory came with the bill - £4.00 for something illegible......service charge came the reply. Nothing suggested it may be added, not discretionary - no choice in the matterSorry guys - I do have a choice. I'll not return, I'll share my experience, and unlike the spoof reviews you sometimes encounter, this is a failure to keep up the first impressionUnlike Arnie, I'll not be back! I happened upon this restaurant in a little passages around Bishopsgate. I was delighted as I love Thai food. The service was fast and efficient, the restaurant was clean and the menu was very interesting, with dishes I had not previously come across in a Thai restaurant (which I frequent regularly by the way) A really enjoyable meal which cost me about £20 for two courses, a drink of wine, and a pot of tea, so I thought it was very good value particularly in central London. I'm certainly making beeline for this restaurant if I am in the area again I would love to try out some of the other dishes which I'm not familiar with. I've finally given up on the Maynard Arms. It should be a great pub and heaven knows Crouch End could do with one. Some things it does well; it has a great selection of beers and the Friday night Scotch eggs are worth a visit alone but there are just too many downsides.For a start it is crowded and noisy. A large and pleasant beer garden doubles as a kindergarten during the day but even inside the lack of any soft surfaces means the decibel level prohibits conversation unless you happen to be a group of town criers on their annual work outing.Then there's the drinks. As I said the beers are good and seem to be well kept. Anything more complex than opening a bottle or pouring a pint however seems to be beyond them. A couple of visits back I made the mistake of ordering a Bloody Mary. What I got was an unpleasant concoction which consisted mainly of what appeared to be tinned chopped tomatoes with a piece of lemon in it. There was no Worcestershire sauce, celery salt or Tabasco but it appeared to include several spoons of sugar and some vinegar. Worst of all the rim was encrusted in a thick layer of cracked black pepper. There was maybe an inch of foul tasting liquid on top of the congealed gazpacho below which would have needed a spoon to tackle if you were masochistic enough to wish to consume it.The food is slightly better but again a bit of a curates egg. On the one hand there are the magnificent Scotch eggs and some decent platters available as bar snacks. Most of the time the food looks really good but frequently the taste is a disappointment. A general rule of thumb is to avoid anything that needs cooking skill beyond the use of a grill or deep fryer and you'll probably be ok -ish.What really lets the place down though is the service. Again it's very much a mixed bag. The female staff seem fine and helpful but there are a few blokes who seem to be competing to be as obnoxious as possible. While a big, ugly lump like myself can normally get served pretty much straight away my wife seems to be totally ignored. On our most recent visit she waited 20 minutes at the bar and when she complained politely to the restaurant/bar manager he didn't even make eye contact as he walked past and just said "Can't you see we're busy?". Well they are pretty much always busy at the Maynard Arms. A thousand bad reviews won't change that; Crouch End has always been more about what is fashionable than what is actually good and the Maynard Arms is fashionable. However fashions do change and when they do they'll need to do better than undrinkable cocktails, mediocre food and rude service. Lovely restaurant. Food and service always exceptional. Been there a few times with my boyfriend and we're never disappointed. Lovely view over the Thames and just a short walk from Waterloo Station! This was my third visit to this establishment and I'm delighted to say it remains remarkably good! I've had pizza and pasta here before, this time I tried the seafood risotto which was delicious with a general helping of high quality sea food. Service is very polite and attentive. All in all one of the best experiences you can possibly have so close to one of the most visited streets (Oxford) in the world. Two thumbs up! Went there on Saturday night and I could not believe such a place was just next door to were we live . the bar was really busy but the the service was really fast and efficient , after a while we decided to get some to eat but we didn't know if we wanted the bar menu or the dinner menu , at that point a very nice waitress told us that we could have both menu at the same table . me and my friend did not wait to order a burger and a plate of nachos , they both arrived pretty quickly and were very tasty , our other friends decided to go for the fish stew and the steak , and said it was delicious, and the portions were all very decent . the waitress that served us that evening was really good and smiling all the time , she made our experience even more enjoyable. I ll recommend the Maynard arms to any one who just want to have a good time in a great setting I tried this place today and loved everything about it. Simple decor, funny helpful staff, nice music and possibly the best breakfast I've ever eaten. To be honest i was unsure from ordering here because of the decor but thought ill give it a try.The food was below average from others ive had in south London. i had the butter chicken which had no taste and lamb madras which i think was just cooked in powder. Wont go back Great Italian restaurant with attentive waiters, a varied menu that's traditional but with enough variety to keep interest, good wine list and a lively but friendly atmosphere. Only real downside is the tables are packed very close together. Some excellent fish choices well worth a try. when it arrived the fish stew looked very good and was dressed with fennel and fresh herbs, however the fish had a nasty taste and smell which tainted the entire dish and I was unable to eat any of it . The Waitress briefly stopped by to ask if everything was OK but did not give me time to answer her - I was chewing a piece of bread- before she was off again. When I finally managed to attract her attention she told me that she had already asked if everything was OK . I was not charged for this main course, nor was I offered an alternative or an apology which I think would have been appropriate given the circumstances. My husband's meal of chicken was good and he enjoyed it. The restaurant is quite small, no more than 50 people I reckon. The atmosphere? Quite nice. Unfortunately that's probably the nicest thing I can say about this place. I appreciate that we were quite a large party of 13. So not the biggest office party ever but not the smallest either. The service was pretty slow and at times non existent. It took over 5 minutes to get someones attention to order another drink. When we did ask for all of two drinks the waiter insisted he was doing something already, which he was, laying out cutlery for another table, but could he not remember 2 drink orders? really? is it that tough these days to lay cutlery and remember drink 2 things? The food was ok, I would say overpriced for what we got, I ordered a mixed kebab and got 2 pieces of lamb shish, 2 pieces of chicken shish, 2 chicken wings and a lamb chop. For something like £17 it's not really a lot considering had I gone to somewhere else locally e.g. Kervan I probably could have gotten double for that price. Moving on. At the end of the night we decided to get dessert too, so I ordered a Early Grey Tea, the waiter nodded and said 'Tea', so to make sure he got my order right I repeated 'EARL GREY TEA', again he nodded and said 'Tea', again I insisted 'EARL GREY' what did he do? Again nodded and said 'Tea'. So I automatically assumed he understood it was Earl Grey I wanted. When the drinks came I was pretty annoyed I was given a normal tea, so I raised this with the waiter to which he replied 'Yeah, sorry my colleague made a mistake, it's ok though..... i'll bring you another tea bag'. To his credit, he did bring me another tea bag, on a plate, with no fresh water. I didn't really understand what he wanted me to do with it, was I meant to produce my own water for it? After a few minutes, it didn't look like I was going to get any fresh water. Overall, poor service and high pricing that isn't matched to portion size or service makes me give this place 2 stars. Visited here on the last evening of a 4 day stay in Kensington and after the ups and downs of the previous 3 nights of various eating houses we were blown away with the meal, venue, wine, service and value of this restaurant, it was simply PERFECT.I would like to thank the chef and staff who helped make 18-02-17 such an unforgettable dinning experience.This restaurant is well worth a visit and is certainly on my repeat list. We were so pleased that we found a restaurant in London where service isn't automatically added to your bill. Further to this, the prices are very reasonable for the food and drink.We both ordered the same - pork chops with rice and it was absolutely delicious. The way the pork was flavoured was to die for and the rice and salad were fresh and tasty. There were extras on the plate such as pickled carrot and a crab terrine, which were all beautiful and on the side was a zingy chilli vinaigrette.The Sauvignon Blanc was great.Overall, we were delighted with our experience - delicious food and wine, friendly service and excellent prices. We will definitely go back. Service was extremely slow, it took ages to be seated, and when we were seated, it took ages for our food orders to be taken, and then food to arrive. The chips were awful, and the overpriced steak not properly cooked. We then ordered a dessert which was served cold, we sent it back and it arrived cold again. Overall not a great experience whilst staying at The Doubletree and I will not return. Had linguine with shell fish. As a solo, ate ta the bar. Service was uber friendly with the bar person as the primary server. Atmosphere was subdued and rather clubby (downstairs) Good food ... fab friendly service!One of my favourite restaurant in Winchmore Hill!!Grilled meat at it's best! An interesting take on Vietnamese food with a zest of fusion. A really good balance of flavours with quality fresh ingredients.The steamed hamburger like "buns" are really worth a try.And the strong cà phê (drip coffee on condensed milk) is spot on. The only negative aspect is that the sitting is very very crowded. So great for a quick bite but not for a comfortable or intimate dinner :-) Decent posh pub food, good beer selection and a nice concrete beer garden with someone cooking in it in the summer. I've always thought the food was just alright, but my family are very complementary of it. They took burgers off the menu a few years ago and I've probably just never got over that. If you ask for your food to be served on a plate rather than a wooden board they'll do that for you. Beers selection is very good and the bar is usually well stocked. I can' believe such a rude waiter in a resturant in londonThe food was terrible we ordered mixed grills for 4 of us , all the kebabs were tasteless and not cooked in perfection,Dessert ( bamiya) wasn't fresh Monday lunch, the pub just open and I ask for a risotto. I know is not a italian restaurant but the option is on the menu so I asked for it and it was bad, milky and taste nothing. I refuse to complain cause the stuff looks so unmotivated and careless. I know the new management is doing well but still a few things to change. I've been to this branch quite a few times, and every meal I've had here has been excellent. Food is always served warm and there are decent choices for vegetarians. A few dishes can be tailored for vegan diets.The dessert menu has a good range of dishes - the cheesecakes in particular are delicious. Waiting times to be seated and for food are reasonably quick. The servers here have always been friendly, courteous, and ensure our food is of good quality. One server even asked if we wanted to use a discount code when she got our bill for us, which has never happened to me before!I'm not sure why this place has so many poor reviews - although every time I've been here, the restaurant is quiet so maybe that is linked to the attentive service we've received. We ate here on Monday 20th February. The starters Deep fried prawns & Spring rolls were delicious, followed by Mixed seafood hotplate, and stir fried beef with chilli & basil together with coconut rice, all this was very good. However on asking for desert we were told Mango with sticky rice- delicious as we have had this many times- "Street Food" in Bangkok. This in fact was horrible, the mango was under ripe, and the rice was thick and hard. When we made a complaint and spoke to the Mangeress, we were told this could not be compaired to that we ate in Thailand as the sticky rice was froozen, and then defrosted before serving.The first two courses were good, and no complaints.However for me, when going out for a meal, "Metal Enamel Plates" are not acceptable.We will however try the new restaurant servicing Lao's food in Covent Garden, and hope this gets a better review. Saiphin Please note my commentsUncle & Nephew An interesting dining experience. The staff were pleasant and the food was good but this is, as expected, definitely themed for children. Visited for dinner on a busy Friday evening, energetic atmosphere, surprisingly knowledgeable and attentive service. All the snacks / starters were superb, deep fried options were crisp and well drained. I shared the chefs' special with a friend, bone-on lamb, a deep unctuous sauce. Highly recommend, and get there early to avoid the queue. I've been on a search for a while to find the perfect Tom Yum in London. I find this is a dish that price doesn't play a main factor for I've been to fine dining thai and seems to be lacking that kick. This spot is perfect. Great service, great price, great flavour. And when dining on your own this is great coz it's an in and out spot. Will definitely come back. If you would like to have tasteful food then you should definitely go to Tayyabs. It's always super busy bit worth waiting! Order the lamb chops! :-) We really appreciate having this decent vietnamese restaurant as a local. The food is always delicious and freshly prepared. Service is prompt and polite. We haven't yet had any of the tempting desserts as we over order starters and mains. We are particularly fond of the vietnamese spring rolls and pho soup. Had a nice experience on Saturday night.We went there without any booking on the evening and we had a table in the next 20 minutes, despite the restaurant was full.Staff is friendly and helpful.The quality of the food is good, even better than expected if you look at the size of the restaurant and where it is.The fillet steak was top quality.Will recommend this address to meat lover I stopped here for a pint after walking along the Thames on a lovely sunny afternoon. It does not have much of a river view compared to pubs further along the river but as a fan of William Hogarth I chose this establishment, as it features in one of his artworks. Needing to use the facilities I asked for the toilet. I was directed but with the 'toilets are for customers only' attitude. It was of course my intention to buy a pint following that pit stop. My £5.20 second choice pint was ruined by an argumentative exchange by a bar person, over my perceived lack of quality on my first choice. A previous bar person had informed me that the barrel was in need of change. The second then waded in with its 'just been changed' and then 'I changed it this morning'. I was then given the 'drink your beer and be off with you' type shunning by both persons, suddenly standing together in abrasive unison. Oh well, I just have to travel to the next pub, next time. Awful. Went there for a bite to eat with a friend, nice decor and cool vibes. The food I must say is good but way overprice for what it is and for that reason would not return there. You would have more food and pay less in a middle eastern restaurant in Mayfair (shepherds market) or even in Kensington). If you want quick tasty imaginative vegetarian food with no fuss, then mildreds is the place to go the food is filling and tasty. And the layout is cute a bit tight. The juices are small for the price.The staff are friendly.0 Me and my fiancé stayed over at an hotel nearby and decided to have our first pub experience. We went to the second floor but not without waiting for 10 minutes for someone to tell us that that's where we were supposed to have dinner (I thought we were waiting for a table to vacate in the first floor). We waited a further 20 minutes for the waitress to finally take our order. Make no mistake: the space is wonderful. Nice, lavish decor, with a wonderful chandeliers, nearly entirely in red, black and gold tones, in a very almost 1800's-ish style which pleased us very much. Truly mesmerizing.I ordered a cheeseburger and my fiancé ordered a salad. Those took another 15 minutes. This was not due to the kitchen, as we could see our food standing there, but due to the waitress doing nothing but talk (with the barman), and very little of what she was supposed to do (we could see other people in other tables having the same issue). Our food arrived a tad bit cold on account of the described but it was still excelent. That's why I'm awarding 4 stars instead of 3, because I can't base my whole experience on the waiting alone. My fiancé tried a wine there that is now a permanent presence in our home (a Chilean Pinot Noir).To wrap it up: excelent food, amazing wine, beautiful space and decor, but a service that leaves a lot to be desired. Not sure if it's supposed to be a part of the pub experience but... was not pleased nonetheless! This is a really good pub serving bar snacks and gastro fare. Great Sunday roasts and an impressive wine list. The staff are friendly and a few of them have been there for a while and make an effort to make you feel welcome. Advisable to book for the Sunday roasts.... Visited Hala on a Sunday afternoon we thought we would be waiting for ages as they were very busy . Within 5 minutes all 5 of us were seated . We ordered our food and and the dips,bread and salad arrived just after our drinks . The Freshly baked bread and freshly cut salad were amazing shortly after the largest platter of food arrived all the meats were on a bed of rice and bulgar wheat and more bread. The staff were attentive but not overbearing . It was a pleasure to eat here . Even as busy as they were they still gave all the time you needed to order. Not a great Pub......Staff are not very welcoming, and quite rude to some customers.....not much else to say! The place is very close to my house, it looks cosy and hipsterish (but in a good way).It is furnished in a quite minimalist fashion, just as rusty and rough as you would expect from a restaurant which puts substance over style.So far so good.As soon as we look at the menu, the waitress arrives and warns us that basically 70% of the items are not available. The only vegetarian option (for a friend) is spring-rolls with noodles. The only not so hot option is the crab and pork hot noodles (which I take). No big deal, it's Sunday evening, we can live with that.We have a problem with coriander though, and I stress at least 3 times to the waitress not to put any into our plates, she confirms 3 times it's not a problem.The place is half empty but we still wait 10 minutes for our beers and tap water.The beers are lukewarm (the only temperature available).After 10 more minutes the noodle soup arrives.It is truly floating in coriander, never seen as much in a plate, both mine and my friend's. I try to eye contact the waitress, but she does not seem to care about us anymore, nor she does when 20 minutes later we asks for the bill and I barely touched my noodles (no point in complaining when they don't dive a damn about you right?).Apart from the coriander, it is really awful, the broth and noodles are tasteless and the stuff floating into not worth a comment.As a final cherry of the cake, when the waitress comes to take the plates, she drops half bottle of beer of my friend. She apologizes, but she doesn't bring us a new one nor take it out of the bill.I have to say, if they put more effort into it to make everything just bad, they could not have done a better job.I am almost curious to go back for another horror experience! With a really good restaurant and the very good food this restaurant is one of my top 5 restaurant in london ! A last minute find and what a find.After reading the tripadvisor reviews saying it was very busy as soon as it opens, I thought it must be good.Me and my sister arrived about 5.45 and it was already busy but we got a table straightaway.This was my first Korean meal and the food was amazing and very filling.For starter we had Bolgogi salad- lovely tender strips of beef, Japchae - a wonderful plate of glass noodles, Pa Jeon - mini egg pancakes filled with spring onions with vinegar dip. For main - Beef bibimbap, basically a big hot pot of rice, meat and veg ....very very yummy and Chicken Bolgogi which came with rice and lettuce and a bowl of miso.£50 with teaThe food was wonderful and the service friendly, fast and attentive.Definitely try this place Went to Burger & Lobster because good TripAdvisor rating. Restaurant did not give disappoitment, instead it was wonderful! Really good burgers from simple but various menu. Having visited the pub many times on a Friday night I was looking forward to my dinner in the restaurant. When we went through we were sat in a booth which was nice but they only had three menus and needed to print more off, this took an age. Eventually after asking to order our food more than once they took our food order. Having struggled to find much we wanted to eat on the menu I ordered the seafood spaghetti in broth,so did my friend and the other two in the group ordered the rib eye steak. It was barely edible, the prawns were still in their shell which meant you had to fish them out of the broth to peel and ended up not worth the bother. It was tasteless and unappetizing, the steak sadly no better, tasted burnt and was tough. We decided to skip pudding and went home for cheese on toast, leaving our wine unfinished. We did book a table and they gave us a whole area.Nice drinks and great music. Will be back soon. Definitely worth a visit. It was the first time we had vietnamese food and got at the restaurant by the time the kitchen was closing. The attendent helped us, gave us tips and was really nice. The food was great! It was a nice surprise and we'll come back for sure! Oh, try Vietnamese spring rolls as a starter or in your main dish. Lovely! We had vegetarian and meat full English breakfasts, muffin with smoked salmon and hollandaise, and a chick pea/avocado/tomato alfalfa combo. All the food was lovely, served beautifully, came to the table hot and was a real treat. With drinks we paid £50, and thought it was good value for money. It's probably a good thing for my bank balance that we don't live closer! a wonderful dining experience-the food is truly art. the space is beautiful and truly top notch food. I found the staff a bit stuffy and snobbish. I have been to many Michelin rated restaurants in UK and US and agree this is in the top ten. This is the best indian restaurant in London as the food is so tasty and delicious. Unfortunately they serve up pre-cooked chicken for the food deliverys so the chicken is never noist and soft, it's hard. This doesn't always happen and when it's fresh it's amazing.When you dine there the food and the staff are amazing so give it a try, it's worth it. Get a window seat and watch the world go by. Stairs to dining upstairs. Bat food. Ladies loo's upstairs. Mens down some stairs. Dont know where you'd go if you cant manage stairs. Food looks lovely..... in the menu. But its pretty easy to forget it once its been delivered and eaten. Nice atmosphere. Be a great pub if you sorted the wobbly tables (like we did with a leaflet) and did something just 'a little more' with the food. It was rainy, my phone was on on 11% and I'd walked all the way from Kings Cross, and I couldn't have ended up somewhere more perfect.I had a Leon Goni and it was truly delicious, warming and wondrously flavoursome! Fast and friendly service, filling and fulfilling food! Been before, will go again, no doubt! The lamb chops are incredible, you can't go wrong with the menu here though. The staff are generally nice but are very busy. Went with my wife. Never had Turkish before.Got impressed by how flavoursome and well prepared the food was.Everything seemed fresh and of good quality.Portions are unexpectedly big.Service was spot on, very attentive and welcoming.One of our new favourite. Booked a table for Saturday night couple of weeks back after reading the reviews on tripadvisor, totally lived up to our expectations.Had the full monty, beer, cocktails, tasting menu with wines, port and cheese and a coffee, top notch.Service was A1 all round, couldn't have asked for more.....cheers Tom We visitied this restaurant last year and were pleased with their food. However, when we tried them again last week, the standard was nothing like what it used to be. The chiii garlic squid was tough like rubber and the meat in our 'Pho' contained pieces that resembled offal rather than beef. Other dishes such as the 'Combo' was poor value for money. Definitely will not be returning. We were giving a very friendly welcome, everywhere looked nice and clean and the toilets were on the same level. We had the 2 course special, which was just idea. Really tasty, sensible size potions. We would certainly return if we are in the area. Four of us ate at the Shawarma Bar last night and all enjoyed the food very much. It is a small, simple and un-pretentious restaurant with a bar and some tables at the front, a little rather gloomy room with Moroccan hangings on the wall at the back and not-too-loud ethnic music. It certainly has a lot of competition in Exmouth Market but I think the food holds its own. We had the Mezze compilation followed by some lamb, chicken and various sides and salads. I particularly enjoyed the beetroot salad, cauliflower and dish of lentils and rice. We were much amused by the description of how the chickens they serve are fed/cared for…including being bathed in tahini every day! Really? It certainly tasted good. For dessert I had the Cardamom malrabi which was like a less rich pannacotta flavoured with cardamom and covered in green herby stuff (technical terms only). We drank the cheapest red wine which tasted rough to start with but suited the robust flavours of the food very well. Also fantastic value for money.We will return. Great place with even greater pizza!!I recommend to come ther after launch time cause than you'll be waiting and line outside and in Feb it's not so nice..we arrived around 14:30 and didn't had to wait. We return time and time again to the Maynard due to it's decent food, great atmosphere and friendly staff. The menu changes depending on the season, with the vast majority of the food being cooked well. Food quality can sometimes lack when they only use the barbecue, but apart from that there are no issues with the food. The drinks on offer are great, a wide variety of craft beers and the usual 'on-tap' stuff. The staff have always been very welcoming, and are always there to help. Great pub! Will continue to return... My favourite place , Visited several times - excellent choice of seafood, service second to none, Nothing to much trouble for the staff. Good decor, would highly recommend, not cheap, but you get what you pay for. Will be back again soon. I had not been to Roka for about a year and had forgot the reason why I had stopped visiting.The food is nice at Roka but the portions are too small and overpriced. If you are looking for value for money this is certainly not the place to be. In addition the table service also felt rushed as the waiters kept clearing our plates the moment we had finished a dish which made it hard to relax and have a good private conversation. This is very annoying even though they were nice people. Overall I feel that you are better going to Nobu restaurant on Park Lane and paying a bit extra for the food (still overpriced) given the service at Roka. The quality and range of dishes are better there and there is also more privacy and a better atmosphere in the restaurant. Rude staff, rubbish food! They can't be bothered. I'm sticking to the railway tavern or the earl haig! Having been to a number of Michelin star restaurants across London and paid £100 plus it was refreshing to go to a restaurant where the was an 8 course tasting menu for £50. There was no catch, the food is better than nearby Michelin starred Lyles and Clove Club. We went on a Tuesday evening and the restaurant was moderately busy. The waitstaff were excellent and there was a relaxed vibe (potentially some of the previous issues mentioned below have been ironed out).Each of the 8 courses were excellent. Normally I would expect a couple of the courses to disappoint but not here! The squid, lamb and game tea courses were the standouts for me. Wine is also very reasonably priced.I will definitely be going back for what surely will become a Michelin star restaurant in the near future. I have now been a customer at the maynard for more than two years and I have to say they are well ahead of they're competition in crouch end. The service is excellent and I found the waiting staff very helpful and friendly. Even on busy days like Sundays example. they are always been very attentive to our needs. ( having two young children is difficult to please sometime ) . The food is excellent and the portions are well above what you're expected to get for the price. All together it is our favourite spot in crouch end and we cannot wait for the opportunity to spend some quality time there again . Trading on the Ask brand, this is a small location just off Tottenham Court Road. The premises lack any atmosphere whatsoever. The lighting was so bright that the tea lights on the table were invisible. Turn the lights down guys!As for the food I had my usual Brushetta followed by Penne alla pollo dela casa, both were the tasty dishes I have grown to love from this chain.We shared some profiteroles filled with ice cream rather than cream for dessert, tasty! Service was good. No, they haven't paid me to say this, But I really like this place - friendly, quick service, tasty good, reasonably priced. I can highly recommend the pork and prawn spring rolls, the summer rolls (veggie version) and the bun dishes. My other half goes mad for the spicy beef pho.Great ice creams too :)Have been many times and will continue to do so! Great cocktail bar!I would definetely recommend to navigate the very exciting cocktail list, though they also have a thoughtful selection of traditional spirits and argentinian wines by the glass.You can go and have some drinks before your dinner reservation (Galante is Gaucho's bar actually) or you can simply stay there and make Galante your main event..Ideal to arrive early and sit in the bar or the lounge area, and then stay longer to see how the ambiance turns into a more lively, crowded spot.Great music, great decor, but the main thing is their staff (Emiliano, Alex and Nathalie): competent, professional and yet very nice service.Though I didn't try it, there's also available a menu of tapas.A must in Chelsea! This restaurant was a sad disappointment. It failed to honour an advertised 50% food discount and begrudgingly offered a much lower reduction. The bottle of Lebanese red wine ordered (a well known and widely available brand) was mysteriously unavailable and a bottle at 4 times the cost was offered instead leading to much haggling to get the price down to an affordable level.The meze meal was distinctly average and had the taste of rather cheap "bought-in" food. All the dessert items bar rice pudding were unavailable.The final hassle came at the end when mysteriously the waiter claimed his card machine wasn't working and could we pay by cash - he "helpfully" suggested a nearby cash machine which was actually about 200 yards away. On return after not finding the cash machine his own card machine mysteriously came back to life.The sadness is that potentially this place could be very good - nice location, good facilities etc - and Lebanese food cooked with some loving care is superb. . But it really does need someone to "get a grip". Until it improves my advise is - go somewhere else. I go to Samdan all the time and it never disappoints, the service is great, the food is delicious (lamb shish is a personal fave) and it's reasonably priced. I'm very fond of the Samdan. I've been numerous times and found the quality and friendly service to be very consistent (not easy to find in so many restaurants). Personal faves: the always very succulent lamb shish,the dolma, the sigara boregi, the tagine. The falafel are perhaps the only thing I would say we're not too keen on, we find them rather dry. The desserts - particularly the baklava, sticky toffee pudding and chocolate cake are yummy. The dishes come across as very freshly prepared and are a good size. The restaurant is lovely and cosy but it is quite small so it's wise to book if you're going in the evening. Clean toilets too (many restaurateurs seem to overlook the importance of this) I would have given 4.5 stars if I could. Terrible service, we waited for more than an hour for our food. We ordered, amongst other things, two medium rare fillets (27£ each) but received well done meat as solid as a rock! The look of the fillets was also quite questionable, but that's besides the point.The real issue was how these mistakes were dealt with. Rather than with an apology or a slight hint of understanding, the waiter proceeded in:- whistle throughout the whole service- matter-of-factly tell us the issue was not his problem as he hadn't personally cooked the meat- let us know he had no business in seeing that the items were taken off of our bill/ discount was provided as we should have specifically asked so ourselves- and of course didn't even dream of reporting any of the food/waiting time issues to another member of staff or management. (This I'm assuming, for if he had and no one came to check, it would make matters even worse.)All in all this is a perfectly average pub I would not recommend for lunch or supper. It does have a lovely garden and the decor is quite pretty, although not enough so to distract from the risky menu and half-hearted service. Having said this, I have to say that my artichoke soup was quite lovely. It was creamy and sprinkled with sage and sunflower seeds. It would have been superb had it not also been drizzled with sour, sour disappointment. Promised to be seated in 20 min, it took almost 1 hour and 20 min stuck in the bar we had the complain. Still when we ordered food it was 25 min after the table next to us even thought we ordered first. This place is a disorganised joke. We were at Il Posto 2 weeks ago for dinner before Wicked. As most reviewers have noted, this restaurant caters to that crowd. The restaurant gets slammed all at once by 6:00 with theater goers, and the waitstaff handle it perfectly. They are prompt, efficient, happy, and gracious. The food is also very good and they have a nice selection of wine and beer. We split a pizza and the caprese salad. It was plenty of food for two people, and we thought the pizza was delicious. Nothing super fancy here, but solid, tasty traditional Italian food. I would have given them 5 stars based on the service and food alone. However, I apparently lost my driver's license in the restaurant (I knew I had lost it that day in London but was not sure where). We left the next morning on an early flight so I was not able to call any of the places we had been the day before. But, much to my delight, they mailed it to me! I actually would have expected no less, as we were really pleased by their customer service. We plan to go back to London next year, and we will definitely come back to this restaurant! This pub really is a great local for a drink or food.... Great election of beers and wine, friendly staff (guess others who have complained were unlucky?) and good atmosphere. The garden is great with nice touch of dedicated alfresco dining area outside during the summer. If I did have one fault it would be that the menu could change a little more often or they had daily specials.... but on the whole it's good value for good quality gastro pub food. From the food to the service, everything at Picture exceeded my expectations. A really unassuming restaurant with a great attention to detail. Food was thoughtful, delicious and extremely good value for money. Service was also fantastic: staff were attentive but not overwhelming. Really impressed. This is one of my favourite restaurants in London where I go weekly either once or twice. Their food is perfect authentic Indian. The service is very good. Their prices are very reasonable because they serve yummy & 100% authentic Indian food. If you want to spend quality time either alone or with your love ones then it is perfect restaurant. After a hard day's work we needed a light and fun meal so thought we'd try a restaurant in this neighbourhood.The menu was impressive enough with a wide selection of dishes. For a starter the chargrilled chicken wings sounded like fun, finger food. When they arrived they were accompanied by nice crunch pickled nibbles. The wings however, were very disappointing. They tasted as though they had been re-heated and were a little dry. The main courses of chargrilled pork with spring rolls and noodles and special pork chop rice were distinctly average.The freshly squeezed orange juice and lime-o-nade made up for the meal. Took 16 family members for a celebration dinner. Guess what? Every single one of them will be coming back!!Quality of food is genuinely so very good. My fiance would eat here every single day as he always says "you are not getting better lamb anywhere else!".Eating here is a treat in comparison with other local eateries who charge central London prices for bland plates of food and equally lame service.Excellent menu and wonderful staff. Feeling hungry while walking through West Hampstead, my wife and I popped into Ladudu as we're big fans of Vietnamese food and were encouraged to see the place full on a Sunday evening. How disappointed we were. Vietnamese food should be fragrant, with depth of flavour. Ladudu's food was decidedly average, and hugely overpriced for what it is. A dish of salmon chunks cooked in a fish sauce reduction was £11.50 but came with no vegetables and no rice, for which we had to pay extra as a side dish - just salmon in a fairly bland, watery sauce. One of the week's specials, a coconut chicken dish for £9, again had so little flavour, despite being advertised as a dish containing fresh herbs and spices. We complained to the manager, who said that our complaint was our opinion ("most people say our food is excellent") and he was unwilling to take our complaint on board. In fact he made us feel quite uncomfortable for having complained and we were eager to leave despite his offer of a free ice cream. Overall, a pretty poor experience and didn't feel like value for money. We've eaten far better Vietnamese food at this (or lower) price point in London (e.g. the Pho chain and the little hole in the wall place on Upper St in Islington). This place has a nice garden but the service is rubbish. Having waited ages the waitress finally came and took our drinks orders. As it had taken so long we thought we should order food as well. A stale plate of bread came with the starter. Eventually the drinks turned up. My partners food came with a side of fries that I'd ordered but no main for me. After 15 minutes of repeatedly asking several members of staff my partner had finished her meal with no sign of mine.We decided to leave at this point. To there credit the staff were apologetic and even waived the bill. However I was still starving. What was meant to be a nice meal on a warm night ended up as beans on toast at home!It is a shame as this place could be so good but currently it's not worth the wait. The service was slack and the food was ok, but nothing special. It used to be better a few years back. the lamb was very "lamby" and lukewarm, the doughnuts bready and heavy not light.. bit disappointed.. maybe it was an off day not sure Visited the Dulwich branch during the week after Christmas 2016 in the evening and it was totally packed. Cocktails/The BarWe had a couple of cocktails at the bar whilst waiting 20mins for a table. They were amazing.At the bar, one attendant also served and made drinks for the resturant so the drinks service was extremely slow but pleasant.FoodMy cheese burger and hubby's bacon burger was dry & well done even though it was meant to be medium well ??Fries were good but massively overpriced. Onion rings were large greasy, battered, unfavourable , soggy things.Service/Atmosphere After eating we were asked if we would like the bill even though we had a full glass of cocktail.People were eargerly waiting at the bar to be seated literally an arms length away which was uncomfortable. There is barely enough space for the staff to walk around as this eatery is tight. If you are sat at the aisle sometimes you have to move a leg or arm to allow staff/people to pass. Literally every 5 seconds if busy.The ambience is a cool hang out that is loud, buzzing and rocky. Ages 20s - 50Overall too small and a rushed feeling. Not a place to chill out and eat and drink. Which is what I think dining is about!! went in here with my young niece as MacDonalds in County hall had about 300 people queuing, and this was the next eating place nearby, bossy staff on arrival treating you like cattle, food was ok nothing special but really expensive, I live and work in London so am used to London prices but £8.00 for sausage and chips for kid, Crazy! The food here is delicious and the staff wonderfully warm and welcoming. Particularly recommend the prawns, mussels and the 'fabada asturina'! Our second visit was a total disaster: they forgot to put through our order so we had to wait for one hour before any food was placed on the table and all starters and main courses came at the same time. The 'juicy Chicken' was seriously dry and 'tomato rice' was disgusting. Their starters, 'cha gio', 'mango salad' and 'char grilled squids' were good. We visited for the third time to determine whether we want to delete them from our regular or not. Our verdict is that they are good to be used as a cafe or a tapas bar, i.e. eat their starters or desserts only, but skip their main courses. Their starters were all fine but mains... 'stir fried noodle' was not stir fried but thin rice noodle soaked in hot water with stir fried stuff on top. Their 'Beef stew' was OK for the first few scoops but it became too much as it was too salty and very strongly spiced. We tried all main course options so far and none scored anymore than average. We will come back for their starters and drinks but not for main meals anymore. I have eaten here maybe 6 times since the place opened, and each occasion was great. The menu is pleasingly short, the food tasty & freshly prepared, portions not to large or small, service attentive but not intrusive. Prices are reasonable too. We ate here early before a concert at the Wigmore Hall. It was part of a birthday treat and we were not disappointed.Shown to our table in the window, our attentive waiter then took us through the menu and bought us water promptly.We ordered Nuestro Pan - the house breads with smoked cow whey butter to accompany the Provoleta ( hot provolone cheese, almonds and honey ) and Morcilla - black pudding croquets with squid and apples. The Morcilla were smooth and creamy with a nice crisp extra - not at all like the black pudding served on a full English Breakfast. VERY morish. The saltiness of the Provolone was complimented perfectly by the sweetened of the honey, withe the almonds giving a nice textural contrast.For 'mains' we went for the Stone Bass fillet, Pork Belly and Chimichurr. The Stone bass was creamy and delicate, contrasting nicely with the pork belly. We were not sure about the deep fried girolles which accompanied the pork, I think that their delicacy was ruined by the frying. The burger was in a mini brioche bun, succulent and rich.We decided to go for one more savoury dish - Empanadas. I ordered the squid and chorizo version, whilst my partner ordered the Spinach and goats cheese. Both were very good, but the squid and chorizo outshone the spinach in terms of richness and intensity of flavour. Another plate that will be ordered again and again.We just had enough time to sample dessert - the chocolate mousse with honeycomb, clementine sorbet and olive oil. WOW. We had hoped to sample the rice pudding, but it would have taken longer to arrive than we had available - next time if it is on the menu!A bottle of the Trumpeter Malbec was a fine choice we felt.I am so glad I booked a table at Zoilo. It is a great venue with very professional staff, an excellent menu and somewhere I was recommending before the evening was out! I look forward to our next visit.Word of advice - booking is essential. Whilst we dined people who hadn't booked were being turned away. BOOK NOW!!!! This is luxury fine dining at its best. We sat in a room with 2 other couples, an open fire and lovely atmosphere. It was so romantic. The food was to die for. i enjoyed a crab and lobster bisque to start and my fiance and i shared the smoked pork for our main. and although we couldnt fit in dessert, they bought out some petit fours for us to enjoy afterward. The staff recommended which wines we should have with dishes we ordered, and even when we chose a different wine (due to the price tag) they gave us each a glass of their chosen wine for free. The waiter showed us the amazing conservatory afterwards and gave us a full history of Clos Maggiore. Its isnt cheap, but is one of the most romantic and memorable birthdays that i will cherish forever. Well the pub has had a nice make over, new staff and the new Manager, Sam, seems to be getting this pub back on track. Fear it will take sometime to restore to its former glory.Food menu is currently " restaurant". No bar snack items e.g. Sandwiches, burgers etc. After two days Greene King IPA had run out, same old story! Authentic, fresh ingredients and generous toppings. Pizza was as good as some of the ones I've had in my family's hometown in Sicily. Service was speedy and the staff were super friendly. Ordered a takeaway this time but will definitely be back to eat in their cute little restaurant. I came here last night with my boyfriend and 2 other couples to celebrate my boyfriends birthday. Beautiful place, Theo the bartender is a credit to your bar. Amazing cocktails and service..absolutely fantastic..we will definitely come here again. It was perhaps a bit pricey to eat in rather than take away but the staff were incredible. So friendly and attentive and the food was superb. The meat cooked to perfection. They include complimentary bread and mini baklava at the end. Would recommend. We booked four days in advance for a Sunday roast, but when we arrived tables were clearly running over their limit so we were put on a little table and provided with a stool which was about 3 foot away from the very hot fireplace. After a while we asked if there was a chance we could move or get a chair with a back on it, and the waiter's response was "what's your problem?" ... we weren't that bothered by the situation, it's a pub! But we were perplexed by his odd response. Not what you're after for a casual Sunday afternoon. We then waited an hour for a £21 roast that wasn't very warm and one dish came without cabbage. Because we'd waited so long for the food in the first place we couldn't be bothered to ask for it. The staff seem to lack the ability to give eye contact, much less be friendly. I want to call it an off day - I get that Sunday lunch services can be stressful - I've done plenty, but reading other comments, it sounds like some more training is needed. I visited this restaurant after trying it years ago and the food was really good.It was fresh and very tasty.Quite big portions so if your not a huge eater maybe share a starters.Was a little noisy but it was a Friday night-Going back again in a few weeks.I had the chicken shish with was one of the best I have had We've been to Samdan several times with friends and we've always been impressed by the high quality food and friendly service. The starters are tasty and I'd recommend the mixed shish Kabab. But book a table, it can get busy We had summer rolls n mango salad as starter, refreshingly light n tasty; the beef n chicken pho, the soup is rich n not too salty; the pot tea is natural with lemongrass; the home made ice cream is heavenly, the lychee, vietnamese coffee are really special. The service is friendly n efficient, worth coming back anytime. We have been here 3 times now, and we feel that the food is getting better, which is always something we really like (some restaurants we feel precisely the other way). We have tried some Vietnamese in London and this seems to be one of the good ones. Walked down Exmouth Market looking for somewhere to grab lunch. Just passing Berber Q and a man came out and said 'go in there it is amazing'. So I did. And he was absolutely right. It was the most incredible kebab I have ever tasted. The lamb was juicy and tasty, the salads crisp and the dressings made it all come together. Will come back for more! And thank you to the nice gentleman who recommmeded it We started our dinner with a glass of rosé champagne suggested by the kind sommelier. Delicious! The staff are friendly and really know their wines and food. We were a party of six and we all enjoyed our choices. I particularly loved the chocolate. Gorgeous place, hidden in the heart of Pimlico. Such a homely feel. Never had a bad experience here. My Dad comes from the North and requests we go there when he visits. There's a million amazing restaurants in London, but he chooses this one. This is in my neighbourhood and I frequent it a lot. I find Vietnamese food a lot more flavoursome and lighter than Chinese cuisine. Service is very good and the place is cosy and warm for a neighbourhood restaurant. Busy most of the times, which is totally deserved. I have visited this restaurant twice for lunch. The restaurant itself is comfortable and looks clean.The food on both occasions was great and I would recommend. However, on the last occasion I ordered a lemonade to drink. I watched as the lady opened the can, poured a glass and brought it to me, I then watched shortly afterwards as she poured herself a glass from the same can and then drank it herself. The drinks are not cheap - £2.10 a can. But to pay for someone else to drink from the can that I paid for is very poor service. It has tainted my view of what otherwise would have been a very nice meal. I came in quite late around 9pm evening time and it was empty but it still took a while to get the waiters to take my order. The staff were having a good banter but they got there eventually. The decor is nice in american quirky diner style, bright lighting and kitsch staging. I had two small pieces of buttermilk chicken, which came with a small scoop of mash potatoes and gravy and a side order of greens and a small bottle of water. Whilst the dish took some time to come, despite the lack of customers when it finally came it was very good in my opinion. Till i got the Bill for £15 and I thought it definitely is not worth that in this location of Noooorth london and very poor service! I've been here a couple of times now and the service is never great but last week was ridiculous. The food was so slow coming out (we were in there for 3.5hour for lunch), when it finally did come out we were missing a meal which did not arrive until we had asked three separate members of staff followed by the manager and even then it didn't come out for about 30mins by which time everyone else on the table had finished eating. We saw this happen to other tables in the restaurant too. You had to ask for everything at least three times to get it- sauces, water etc. The waiting staff didnt seem to have a clue what they were doing. We did get offered some free prosecco as an apology which was appreciated but I won't be going back! It's a shame as the food is good (when it finally arrives!) This is a lovely local Italian in Parsons Green. The staff are wonderful and take great interesting in offering you the best of the restaurant. You could tell how rooted they are in the local community as many regulars came in and the female waitress in particular knew them by name greeting them with hugs. This warmth exuded to the rest of the restaurant and you felt like you were part of a family establishment. The food was beautifully presented and there was a nice balance between pasta, pizza and non- carb intensive dishes to enjoy! I would highly recommend Luna Nuova if you are looking for something new in the area. Will be pencilling in a revisit myself! Have to say I was rather underwhelmed here. It's more of a posh afternoon tea sort of place but it serves lunch - and isn't cheap - so I thought it would save enough. It also has the great Mr Roux's name attached so I thought we'd be ok. First, the service isn't just relaxed, it's slow. The food is ok but I can get ok food anywhere. More to the point, by the time my steak (ok, nothing more) arrived it was lukewarm. Limited wine list was ok but pricey for what it was. Even the coffee was ok but nothing more. For £200 for two people I was underwhelmed. Table for family together in a booth, a little squished but our choice.Orders arrived & pleasantly surprised. Steak n ale pie with mash lovely & filling, fish & Chips portion huge, steak & burger ok and lamb meal good. Luckily had 1/2 price voucher so bill cheaper than expected. Recommend! nice restaurant, good food, nice decor, i often visit here with friends, the food in my opinion is great and similar to tayabs, close to transport and main rd, lamb chops overpriced as are some other dishes, but food is top notch great service and nice food. love the smoothies for breakfast. Really good if you are in a rush and want something healthy Having been guests of friends a few weeks ago, we thought to try last night ourselves with another friend. Well, are my other friends specially known or was that a fluke, we have no idea. They had several empty tables on our arrival at 8pm. Atmosphere as expected, very good.it was beginning to get chilly and having been shown to a table at the opening garden doors i requested a move as we are a little cold by the open doors. The waiter was very sweet and suggested he close the doors- which was fine.We quietly chatted whilst waiting for our order of drinks to be taken and eventually at 8.30pm a young chap with 'on the house' nibbles arrived, olives, and two dips with flat bread. also nice. He disappeared too quickly to take an order. 15 nights later we were abel to give our drinks order but the one of two waiters although spoke English couldn't advise about wine so i settled for 1 glass of house red (just in case) as well as a large bottle of water and other drinks for friends.We waited another 20 minutes before receiving the drinks and when we did the boy was confused as to what he had brought and why - the entire order had been slightly mixed up! eventually probably within the next ten minutes we were abel to give our food order, anxious as to choosing starters as we didn't want to be all night (UGH! not another DH1 disaster!)Some of the food that we chose was a dish of cutlets, another had fillet of lamb and some fries as opposed to rice ( rice had been a little boring last meal).By a little after 9.30pm, we received the order of food.two of my cutlets were rather large and two small. A little dry and slightly over cooked as compared to that of last visit when my husband had chosen them.However my friend, who loves her food well cooked thought they were great!The salad was little tired and had a splash on one side of the plate of something that was white but tasted of very little - no idea what it was but it was to pass as salad dressing i guess. I had ordered fries as i had felt previously the rice was not to my taste but really - these were either bought in or just badly cooked. Not like real chips or fries!Over the period of the time we had been waiting, other tables had filled up and they were now fully booked.This meant however that the noise level had risen considerably. Two tables close by us had once again been left so long with no attention that they, having been drinking to kill time appeared to not be able to converse without screaming at each other.Having done this, other tables near, had to raise their level in order to be heard by each other and quite soon the noise was so loud that we all had to put our fingers in our ears and in my case i had some tissue. Something about people today - they have the need to scream over a dinner table at each other and shriek as opposed to years gone by when one would lower ones voice in a restaurant so as not to be overheard or disturbing to other diners.Within a few minutes longer it became so disorientating that we ask of the bill and left.It took a very loooong time to get the bill and once received an even longer to try and pay so we alighted to counter at the front door hoping they might see us and run over - they did not - so we pushed our payment card at the guy behind the counter by the first door and asked him to take payment which he then did. Needless to say we did not tip.unless i am forced to, we will not be visiting again. Although the food has been excellent here in the past. The main thing is the food. I had the chicken with asparagus and my son had the shrimp scampi -- both were incredibly tasty and bountiful. The service, including the maitre d', servers, and bussers, was phenomenal -- courteous, informative, prompt, without feeling rushed. The ambiance is not overly formal, but it's clean and nice. I wouldn't rate it a great value -- prices are a bit high. I went last weekend to celebrate my husband’s 40th Birthday.The service was brilliant, everyone very friendly and excellent customer service…but the best the food!!! Amazing food very tasty and very good portions. It is difficult to find another restaurant that has this value for money.I will definitely recommend this restaurant if you want an excellent food for a decent price. I have been going to this place for the last two years and found the food reasonable enough, but tonight I had a terrible experience (probably to do with the new person in charge, i.e. the female waitress who got really argumentative when we pointed out that the 'cold' starters we order were piping hot. When we also pointed out that we had waited over half an hour for these so called 'cold' starters she became really aggressive and asked us to leave. Needless to say we did just that and I shan't ever go back to this restaurant where it seems OK to bully the customers! Second time in is restaurant in the past few weeks. If you lower your expectations, you won't be disappointed. Had Luke warm giant meat balls to start (moderately large as opposed to giant in reality) followed by a chicken, bacon and avocado salad, which I suppose was OK on the basis that you'd need some talent to get it wrong. Would have scored it one blob had Anthony Joshua not been in the restaurant that evening. Service is ok from this small restaurant. The food here really niece.quite Worth a visit if you can get in. My girlfriend and I went there last Saturday evening after the cinema. We were greeted very warmly by the manager. The premises were spotless and well ventilated. Our orders were taken and fulfilled swiftly. Regardless of price, their cuisine is exquisite. Its attractive prices just make their price-quality ratio hard to beat. The portion sizes are fairly generous. We were particularly delighted with their mushroom rice and their Ravaa Kebab Mela (a mix of tandoori chicken, sheek kebab, chicken and lamb tikka cooked in a sauce with sautéed garlic). We look forward to dining there again. Long standing 24 hour greasy spoon café. Food is always good, however I have only ever had English Breakfast here. The coffee is excellent and the service is mostly good. Right by the station and easy to get too. We hired a room at the Lord Palmerston for my 30th birthday where we had 30 guests. The room had a screen which we used to watch a 6 nations game, and then we ate dinner afterwards. The event was a great success. The room was set up perfectly, the staff looked after us very well and the food was excellent. We met with Gatis (manager) before the event and he made sure that everything ran smoothly on the day. We would definately recommend the Lord Palmerston to anyone wanted to host an event or just for dinner. Cannot believe a restaurant that I rated allowed a family to sit in while a poor little west highland terrier was left outside, awful, a family, well people who were related left a poor little dog tied up while they ate lunch today & this restaurant considered that OK, so not OK with me, cruel, cruel cruel Visited for lunch, group of 7 with adults, teens and an 8 year old. Very accommodating, varied menu (eat of the fixed 3 course lunch menu or a la carte), catered for gluten free and fussy eaters !, very good service, good wine list. Really nice lunch - would definitely return. I find it interesting to read 'reviews' based on this restaurant.I can only say if you have had a bad experience here then you are either a bad communicator or don't appreciate quality when you find it.If we and the rest of the local community could choose one place to eat every day of the week then this restaurant would be it.The food here is second to none and all the staff REALLY care about the quality so I would suggest if anyone ever had a criticism, they should relay it to the staff politely instead of just seeking to vilify for no valid reason.We will continue to love and support this beautiful restaurant in our community as it is an absolute gem We keep coming back here and have never had a bad meal. The staff are lovely and I love going there. Good wine list, nice cheese board. What's not too like..... For me was the best food i had in London, a very good selection of dishes.Chic place, I will definitely go back!!! The restaurant is rather small, the decoration suits the heritage of the place:many decors related to hunting,wild animals etc.We enjoyed the place very much,and the lunch was fabulous!We had the 4 different mouthfuls:beetroot chips with goatcheese and truffel filled small bread-amazing,try all of them! For the main dishes go for the cod & venison,perfection!The lamb with harissa is also something unique!The idea is to share the dishes,but it would be difficult☺since they are all delicious!For dessert we had the king's rocky road:chocolate with marsmallow. Service was attentive,helpful and very kindly explained us everything!Definetly would go back! we were recommended this place and were not let down.Good food at very reasonable prices and even being a Friday night we were not rushed we sat down at 7.00 and left at 9.30 .There was a good atmosphere and it also looked child friendly, waiters were good and nothing was to much trouble we would definitely go back My husband and I have been here on 4 occasions and have found the service to be very inconsistent, however when it is good, it is really good!, the place is simply decorated with long sharing tables and a few individual ones too. The Salmon is amazing by far the best dish there, try it! They don't include the standard 12.5% service charge as of yet, probably a good thing whilst they work on the consistency of that. The food is well cooked and presented beautifully. You are never rushed and there is a nice buzz about the place, which is always full on a weekend. The owner seems to be there a lot and very hands on.Perhaps she will take a step back at some point which will allow her to see where the service and staff knowledge can be worked on.Great for a quick bite or a more leisurely meal. Great for friends or families, not the most romantic place but the food is sure to impress if you do choose to take a partner. I love greek food. This is the first greek restaurant that I have ever been in UK.You can find in the menu whatever you want, from the Olives, Tzatziki, Mussaka, Fish and gyros.We had the reservation at 9.30pm and we came earlier and also with the restaurant very busy, they tried to accomodate us to do not keep us waiting. Very nice people.The food is good, unfortunately the portions are not like in Greece (very very big) but are like tapas and to be in London it is ok. We went on Saturday night and the restaurant has a live performance at dinner time and was great.The final bill was also cheap and we enjoyed the atmosphere, people and also the food.Recommended. Pooped into this restaurant on the off chance, as we were just driving past and wanted something different to the usual Chinese or Indian fair. What a find, it was busy but it was a Saturday night. The staff promptly found us a table and gave us a very warm welcome.The food is just great, from the starters to the main course. All the dishes we ordered tasted fantastic and the atmosphere was relaxing to say the least.Highly reccomend this place. The food was authentic, the service was excellent and the ambiance was welcoming for a great early afternoon meal. With an extensive menu there's plenty to choose from but it's very easy to run up a decent sized bill very quickly so enjoy all it has to offer but if you're on a budget choose wisely. We met a friend here after visiting the Tate and they said the food looked ok. I don't have any experience of good pub food around here and the pub itself doesn't look particularly special so I wasn't expecting much but I was very pleasantly surprised. Two of us had slow cooked beef pie which was a complete cube nicely filled with rich tender meat and served with very nicely cooked vegetables. The others had fish and chips which were excellent especially bearing in mind most pubs don't get this dish right. Service was friendly and there are loads of tables with River views both inside and out. The beer was in good condition too. Dropped in Friday evening and managed to get a table for four in a full and busy restaurant. Food was delicious as usual and service was brisk. Lots of family groups in making a very good atmosphere. One of our favourite restaurants. Popped in here as needed a meal before we went up the shard. We were running a little late so when we ordered checked with our waitress how long the wait for food would be, and were told 15mins. After 25 minutes we called the waitress over who went to check and 2 minutes later our food arrived with another waiter, with no apology for delay. This meant we had to bolt the meal, which was a shame as the food was good! Took ages again to pay and only just got to shard on time. lovely food as usual, very, very busy in the restaurant, there were five of us and we ate downstairs and the waitresses were very kind and got us our food and bill in time for us to get to the theatre. As there had been a mix up with the reservation of the table we had prosecco compensation which went down very well. It's on a busy corner, next to the grocery & underground. I had a shepherd's pie that was a good comfort food meal. It's a nice place to sit for a while. The decor is dingy, the whole place felt grubby. The bar was sticky. The toilet though was like no other. It looked like something you'd expect to see in "Trainspotting" (the first one). Covered in graffiti, I wondered how anyone stood the smell for long enough to add their "art" to the walls. The staff were attentive and pleasant but nothing could detract from the hideous surroundings. Great food. Great host. Whole family thoroughly enjoyed it. Children made incredibly welcome and laughed with host. 5 star A two night trip from Scotland took us to Medlar for our first evening, chosen by son who knew that the wine list was excellent and also the food first rate. We were not disappointed. Very different from eating out here in Highland Perthshire. It was hard to chose from such a varied menu full of interesting dishes. All the dishes were well presented and the different flavours in each dish worked well for them all. The service was excellent without being intrusive and the restaurant ambience was calm, relaxed and enjoyable. We were pleasantly surprised that a meal deserving of a Michelin star was so reasonably priced. The wine list also catered for all tastes and budgets. Thank you for such a memorable evening. We got the 4 dishes and bottomless drinks deal from Open table. The food was really nice but the best part was the interactive menu projected directly onto the table with the classic pong game and some drawing apps, was a nice modern touch will return. I was in the mood for red meat. My favourite French bistro in Covent Garden has shut down, and now I am trying to find a replacement. Some where I can get a tasty bavette steak with fresh vegetables on the side, and good inexpensive French wine. The Palm Court Brasserie looked promising. It had a decent menu, that wasn't too big at a good price. It was nicely busy when my dining companion and I visited on a Thursday evening. We were still able to get a table straight away.The wine menu wasn't very inspiring. I found an ok bottle of cab sav, Domaine Mas Bahourat, that wasn't worth the £26.95 I paid for it. Probably my own fault for choosing the wrong wine.We both wanted red meat- good steaks, and decided to treat ourselves with the chateaubriand for two. It was a good price at £49.95. It came with "triple cooked chips" and gem lettuce salad.The meat came with bernaise and pepper corn sauce on the side. When the dinner came, it was ok- but not stunning. The Chateaubriand certainly didn't stand up to its name. The meat came out slightly over done with darker and cracked outside. While it was still juicy, it had the appearance and taste that it had arrived at the restaurant pre-cooked, sealed in a bag, and was reheated. The gem lettuce salad was good and had fresh lettuce, but the mustard dressing was a bit heavy and strong. The triple cooked chips were not triple cooked. I have made better ones cooked in an oven from a bag from the frozen section of a grocery store. Both sauces were pre-made and slightly tastless. After dinner we split an Eton Mess. This is a dessert that screams summer . . . It shouldn't be served in February. It was good. The meringue was a bit dry, and the strawberries were supplemented by a strawberry sauce. Again about average. The staff were fabulous, but the could have easily gotten another £26.95 if they had asked if we had wanted more wine when the first bottle ran out. Will I go there again? Depends on the circumstances, how hungry I am and what's available. Food: Mushroom starter had too much sauce, the meatballs were lacking in any sauce. The tagine lacked flavour again had too much sauce and included new potatoes and was served with rice. The Iskender was bland and lacked the authentic turkish taste.Atmosphere: Cramped,busy but it was a Friday night. Service: slow and clearly needed more staff for a Friday night. Overall the food was overpriced and below average considering there are much better options for genuine Mediterranean food in the area. Had an awful roast- meat was chewy and cold, as was the veg. Way too pricey for the standard of food Went to the maynard sat evening and had sit down meal with my partner and friends. We all had wonderfull food especially pan roasted cod. The sevice was excellent and the staff were very attentive and freindly. We then stayed for drinks and even though they were busy the service was quick and the selection od craft beers was great. Top notchWill be returning We went last night for a quick bite as the menu sounded nice and the prices were reasonable. Sorry to say that although the staff were very friendly and interior was nice. The food was very bland, in comparison to say Viet Hoa shoreditch (similar prices amazing food) . I did complain that the food was bland as we were paying , they say that we should of told them and they could of change our food (which was kind). But we did make them aware from the begining we were in a hurry and they never came over to check. Goodness what a splendid recruit to the Covent Garden scene. My son and I enjoyed cocktails, carpaccio of brill, the house chardonnay, lamb ragu (he loved) & skate wing grenobloise (me, ditto), aromatic and intriguing rhubarb dessert and coffee all for £101 including service. I can't wait for an excuse to go back. Having eaten at a number of Michelin Starred restaurants including The Ledbury, I was expecting great things from James Cochran. Thankfully he did not disappoint!We opted for the 5 course tasting menu, which is an absolute steal at £35.I did find it strange that 2 of the wines we picked from the wine list were unavailable, however, the suggested alternative was more than fine and also reasonably priced at £25.The standout dish was the Jerk Chicken, possibly the best fried chicken I've ever had!Thereafter the, Sea Bass, Smoked Salmon and Lamb were all excellent. Flavourful, intricate pieces of art on a plate.The dessert of chocolate tart was also brilliant, and the cheesecake ice cream was a delight.I have to say I can't wait to go back to try the other dishes on the menu.The restaurant itself was a bit strange in terms of the layout and the service wasn't amazing (the waitress spilt a drink TWICE), but in terms of food, there's not much better in London. It's THAT good! Had a great evening with friends here, found it hard to choose as there was so much I liked on the menu, the food was very tasty,service was good and definitely had value for money.The restaurant had a lovely atmosphere.We will be paying another visit here soon. Having just looked at the reviews on this restaurant, I was there on the 16th July when these extremely rude people were seated nearby. Having overheard the whole exchange I was quite shocked to read their view of what happened. It was pointed out to them by the lovely lady that everything would be freshly prepared for the starter they wanted and that they would have to therefore have a wait. The fact that it then arrived slightly warm was only testimony to the fact that it had been freshly prepared for their consumption. I have never witnessed such rudeness to such lovely people who cannot do enough to please and having been a customer at this restaurant since it opened 6 years ago I have nothing but praise for both the food and service. Some people can never be pleased!!! Excellent food, excellent service. Situated right on 'The Green' at Winchmore Hill, this is a winning location for Turkish (Anatolian in particular) cuisine. The restaurant is not particularly large so you would probably not feel a lack of atmosphere at quiet times, but on the October Thursday evening I visited it was already full, so I was lucky to get a table. I think that the premises were formerly used as a shop. There are a few other restaurants in the immediate area but none appeared to be doing much business. Service seemed generally OK without being especially attentive, and the food was all enjoyable and very reasonably priced. It is a good venue for vegetarians, or those who want a break from meat and fish, and I chose a traditional 'Iman Bayildi' which is basically aubergine stuffed with onion, garlic, and tomatoes, and simmered in olive oil. It was served with salad, and rice, if I remember rightly. I also had a starter of 'Falafel'. The total bill for these two courses was a very modest £15.35, and drinks are on the cheap side too, especially as this is a fairly upmarket part of Enfield. If you want to go for a pre meal drink elsewhere there is a selection of 3 pubs close by, and you're near Winchmore Hill station. Recommended, and a good alternative to Enfield town itself. Called in as it was a close walk from the hotel (after a busy day)I guess if you've been in a Zizzi, you know what to expect. But this one just lacked a bit of something. Whether it was the luke warm beer or the dry garlic bread, I'm not sure, but everything was a bit flat. Visited Macellaios on Saturday with family. Was visiting from Cardiff and was recommended my nephew and his partner who live in London and recommended This was a definite treat. The meat was divine. We all had different. For myself I had the rump with Gorgonzola and walnut. Was totally surprised when this came as a sort of butter and not a sauce. So tasty though. Everyone said their steaks were cooked perfectly. My sister in law had the liver which was on a bed of puréed red onion with spinach cooked in butter. Glorious. Will say this is an expensive restaurant but definitely one to treat yourself. My husband adores Efes. When I'm out he relishes sneaking in there to get a takeaway! Food is very authentically Turkish. Fresh salad, tasty meats and lovely rice dishes. The staff are lovely too. Only improvement I could suggest is the lighting! It is bright in there! Worth a visit especially if going to the Gaucho restaurant. Interior design is special but the drinks are very good and unique. Staff is very friendly. Different experience in London, which is good. Food was great! Pricey compared to sultan, Kerman or maida grill. Service good but only problem is chairs and tables were cramped together. our main course somewhat delayed for over 45 minutes and I just wanted to ask ''why'' to a waiterthis specific waiter said he is the manager, he than said I quote '' well u come 30 min later than your friend, and had your starters for 45 minutes, your main course cooked , got cold and we binned them''was my jaw dropped, I was only expecting a little sorry not a ''dry fight'' he was out of order, he is the king of us ,waowwwi replied '' i decide when I come, we did tell you we are ready for the main course''he said '' oh oh oh stop telling me what happened'' whew he was ready to fight like he is fighting an enemy, I was no customer for him I was an enemy, it made me feel sickthe matter here is ''aggressive, rude manager''what a shame, food was nice though,you can go there if you want ''fight, aggressive, rude'' service, Great food, service and decor. Highly advise going to experience it. Only negative is that it's expensive. Great, traditional pub near elephant and castle and a short walk to the Imperial war museum, wide selection of food and drink and very friendly staff. Came in on spec at the weekend for lunch with a large group. Should have been suspicious that they could not only accommodate us but the place was totally empty. This is a really nice local pub space with uniformly lovely, helpful staff (though still quite slow service which was odd in an empty pub). The food a couple of years ago was really good - ambitious and well done. Now it is bland paint by numbers stuff which lacks taste and texture. Chickpea burger largely inedible and had the consistency of wall paper filler. I'll keep coming back for a drink, and the outside space is lovely - i think the place does well in the summer with people just hanging out and drinking, or in the cosy inside watching a game in the summer (tables at the front of the pub better than at the rear). But they need to sort the food - and I hope they do, as I have a great deal of historic goodwill for this place. Booked a table for my fiancé's birthday. Had to put down £50 deposite which you get back either in drinks or cash which was great given the time of year. All of us arrived they had our table ready staff were very attentive and friendly. Awesome night. Will be going there again for drinks. Good night all round! Well done Maynard arms! Really terrific pizza. All the ingredients are carefully selected and shipped from Italy, the pizza maker is a true expert, the stone oven hot as it should, the outcome is a pizza you could have in Naples, but just 2 minutes from the lovely Newington Green square, a little secret of a masterpiece at the crossing line between Hackney and Islington boroughs.The place is cosy, nicely furnished, the personnel is friendly, welcoming and professional.For the healthiest customers, they also offer the easily digested pizza with whole wheat flour, which is (almost) just as good as the classic option.It is also quite cheap compared to London average, give it a try! Awful experience here on Thursday night. Went in to wait for friends and ordered large g and t. Not only was it almost £10 !! but the barman, name of Jimmy, poured a tonic right to the top of very large glass. Any on who's ever been in a pub in their life knows that you ask the customer how much tonic if it's on tap or place the bottle by the glass if not. I don't like my gin drowned and said something. The customer comes first?? Not where this pub is concerned. Not only did Jimmy decide to argue the toss with extreme rudeness..' you asked for a large one and that's what you've got ' etc etc - but he marched off to complain loudly to the manager about ME - who send back the message that I could drink it or lump it. Disgusting treatment. I walked out. Never to return. A great British tradition. Afternoon tea at the Ritz. The building and tea room has beautiful architecture and decor while the waiters were smart, polite and efficient. The finger sandwiches were okay as were the scones and cakes but despite wonderful descriptions didn't quite hit the high standard expected. It is more of a triumph of style over substance but nice to have visited such an iconic location. I had a large cod & chips, It was absolutely delicious, one of the best fish and chips I have had in a while and the mush peas were good, the service was good. in total a good experience What can I say, favourite burger place in London! For £9-£10 you can get a burger+ chips. The chips are sooo nice and the burgers are perfect. I like the cheeseburger with blue cheese, I always order that one. The service is always nice( been to more locations), the Camden branch is very small inside but you can eat at a mini bar outside as well. Our orders were taken very fast and the food was ready in about 10 minutes. Very impressed and I highly recommend it! been before at least 4 time and never disappointed last time 4th march starters all excellent haloumi so tasty and also sausage and clamari. Mains best ever shish well marinated full of flavour and tender the best i have ever had. Others had stfuued aubergine,and seafood dish every thing was excellent. Very cosy atmosphere and pleasent service will be back and look forward to it. Went here for brunch on a Saturday and will definitely go back. I had a great Eggs Benedict which came with some tasty hash browns - the eggs were cooked perfectly. My partner had scrambled egg and chorizo (can't quite remember the name of the dish) - he loved it. Love the food in this place. I had fried pickles with cheese sauce and Parma burger. A little light on the marinara sauce but otherwise it was all good and crunchy fried chicken. Batter on pickles was light. Fries were great. Interesting decor but I liked. Not for people who get offended easily. Only reason why not 5 star rating is because it was too dark. Not enough lighting, could barely see what I was eating. My eyes never adjusted because it was just too dark. Apparently it's the same at other sites. Otherwise was all good. Will definitely be back. Ate here with a close friend and his wife who had enjoyed it before. Great food and atmosphere. Near Chancery Lane. I have eaten at this restaurant previously and enjoyed both food and service, but last weekend whilst staying with friends we opted to call for a takeaway. Being a creature of boring habit, I tend to order the same dish whilst eating within the restaurant. When we unpacked the food back at their home, I discovered that they had decided to exercise a little portion control. So what do you think - is £18 decent value for a portion of rice, a small salad and 4 small lamb cutlets? Certainly for them, but in the longer term, I'd be very hesitant to hand over money to them again. I visited this restaurant on reccommadation and we were not disappointed with our meal. We had booked a table but we were late arriving and this was not a problem despite being busy we were allocated a table. Service was good and the food was excellent. We had kalamari for starters ,followed by a mixed kebab ,and sea bass fillets which was excellent. Wine was good and tia maria coffee great. It has quite a good atmosphere and will definitely return to sample some more of the varied menu. Friendly staff; clean place and toilets: how could that appeal to customers?At least that is not what we could find on this Sunday; Food was ok but the atmosphere made us leave as quickly as possible, I had much better experiences in other pubs from this chain Went in this Sunday for a roast to find the place extremely busy, was found a table quickly by a lovely young lady who took our drink order. We then ordered our food and received it within 10 mins, I had the beef and my partner had the nut roast which looked so goo I had to try and wasn't disappointed, the beef was cooked beautiffully and the potatoes were lovely. Service was great and food was great would definitely go back. Visited here with a colleague after a meeting in central London, the decor & loud music is to my taste but some people may not like it! We had the bacon cheeseburger, hippie burger onion rings and fries with hippie sauce! I must admit the onion rings are good! They are huge and in light batter so don't taste greasy! The burger I had did have a few fatty bits in it which is a shame, and they don't give you an option to have the burger pink or well done (or at least they don't advertise it in the menu).All in all good decor food wasn't the best I have had. Had early evening cocktails before meal elsewhere. Good menu of cocktails which looked impressive when they arrived. Even though we were the only table the place still managed to have a good atmosphere. Would visit again. Food very reasonably priced , plenty of it and always very taste. Would highly recommend the lamb dishes. If you are going to eat during the weekend make sure you book.because it is so popular sometimes you have to wait for a while whilst your food I'd cooked. My girlfriend and I ended up here whilst we waited for our table in Gauchos Steak Restaurant next door.The cocktails were very nice and relatively cheap compared to other Chelsea cocktail bars. Between £10-£15 each.The bar had a great atmosphere, everything we wanted from a Chelsea night out. Good music, attentive bar staff and comfortable surroundings.I will definitely return! Attentive but not intrusive staff, lovely food and extremely good value for money. Perfect for date night. We didn't know what to expect having breakfast at a prison, but it was absolutely amazing! We both had the eggs benedict and both decided it was by far the best eggs benedict that we've ever had! AJ (our server) was lovely, personable and attentive. And what made it even more special was the fact that you can't bring cell phones into the restaurant so you actually enjoyed conversations with one another. We were concerned about getting there, but a quick 10 minute ride on the tube and 3 stops on the bus (picked up right outside the tube station) made it a 20 minutes travel time from London central. We will definitely be back for lunch at The Clink the next time we're in London... An impromptu short notice business visit to unpretentious Isolabella in the heart of back streets Holborn was a very pleasant surprise. There was no competition with overbearing background music, the tables were not too close together, and the extensive menu made for an appetising read. The food did not disappoint. Fresh and well cooked, light and very tasty. At £40 per head for two courses and a glass of wine it's not the lowest priced, but value is high. We arrived very early evening - by the time we left it was full, and that was not a surprise. Full of Italian family atmosphere, increasingly friendly and noisy, Italian style. No need for music at all, actually. Another visit will be lined up soon. Came for a cream tea. Scones were covered in icing sugar no need for this at all. Awful quality of cream did not taste like clotted cream at all I'm sure it was whipped cream. Measly pot of jam not enough for four scones - then you are charged if you ask for more. It's already over £10 which is overpriced and an insult to pay for more jam nobody could manage with the amount you are given. Avoid the cream tea!! I had Sunday lunch at this establishment. I was told that it is normally good, but not on this occasion.First of all the place is overpriced; £90 for lunch for 4 people and a couple of drinks.The food was tasteless and in very small portions. We ordered 4 beef Sunday dinners which consisted of:3 small slices of beef2 small roast potatoeshalf a small carrota slice of parsnipa small cabbage leafService was rubbish too - took ages to get anything sorted. We stumbled upon tis little gem almost by accident, as it's kind of hidden. The fish is fresh every day and the batter on my piece of haddock was just about the best I've tasted. Worth a visit. The staff , guy that served was really friendly and enthusiastic and I noticed engaged with customers. The women with long blonde hairy in a ponytail was polar opposite off hand rude and miserable, no eye contact and I notice practically dumped coffee on tables with no exchange....what's her problem she lets the business down, awful! Another waitress cleared my table with no interaction " are you finished" would have been just polite. Shame because the coffee and food is excellent. We have been at Macellaio South Kensington a couple of times already. It quickly became our favourite steak place in London. The service was very attentive and always spared a few moments chatting about the food or the drinks. You really feel you are being taken care of. I recommend L'Imperiale to share, it is a selection of cured and raw meat...well they will explain better what it is. It was fantastic, it was melt in the mouth and incredibly tasty. As to the mains, we have had the T-Bone, the Rump, the Rib eye (we always share) and they have always been cooked to perfection. One of the things we really like is the fact that there was lots of information on exactly where the meat,the food and the wines come from.The wines were excellent, every occasion we followed the advice of the Main Maitre after explaining our taste, and he never failed.Consider it a treat, as it is not cheap, but well worth every penny. The Sunday Roast at Hawksmoor is outstanding, one of the best Sunday Lunches I have eaten. The Beef cuts like butter with wonderful flavour, the veg and Yorkshire Pudding was great, the roast potatoes crispy and hot. Now to top that the gravy is amazing which just makes the whole meal wonderful. The casual but very friendly and efficient service by knowledgeable staff make you very welcome. It is a lively atmosphere quite noisy and the tables are quite close together but not so close as to be uncomfortable. You need to book it is very busy. Good beers and wines.A walk round the market either before to build your appetite or after to walk off the meal makes a great day out. This is a restaurant you should visit for Sunday Lunch, it deserves its reputation. Amazing and friendly service provided Borys and Lukasz. Delicious food! I would highly recommend this place ! Very helpful staff and friendly as well, quality and presentation of food was wonderful, my food and drinks arrived surprisingly quickly considering how busy it was and waitresses attended to me at all times when needed. Lovely restaurant and will definitely be returning. Went for lunch with the set menu and found the food delicious! Good options on the restricted menu and beautifully presented. Downside was the staff who appeared bored and disengaged! A pity as the quality of the food deserved better service! This is a local restaurant for us and we have been a number of times. Really enjoyed the mixed grill on our recent visit - now one of my favourite dishes, but all food is excellent and beautifully presented.Take care not to fill up too much on bread at the start, as portion sizes are very generous. Rather go for the olives (never used to be a fan) which are large and juicy. Main courses will fill you up but should be room for a dessert to share. Overall price very good. If I were to have a tiny criticism it is "dispensing of the wine" (and bottled water) - a pet hate is when the final glass of wine in a bottle is given to one person by the waiter rather than shared out, before then asking "would you like another bottle" - too late by then!! I have found this in many restaurants - not sure if simply eager to sell more wine or concentrating more on ensuring everybody has a good time. Having said that the staff are generally very attentive and on this visit very apologetic when there was a slight delay with one part of the mixed grill - bringing it out separately but ensuring we were all able to start the meal together.If you go at lunchtime I would recommend a mixture of hot and cold starters to share and make it a tapas like event!!Will definitely go back again and again. Can be most atmospheric if sit in far corner table (furthest from the door). Joined 3 friends for dinner here last Friday (pre-booked). Given a table in centre of restaurant, but it was too close to other tables and felt overly crowded. The staff on the night had either had a row or were not getting on and we witnessed two male waiters having a disagreement on what appears to be table allocations! There were simply too many tables crammed in here, consequently, it's very noisy. You have to shout to talk to friends across a table. The food however was excellent delicious and well prepared. I had a steak which was lovely and tasty. The service was average, our main came before our starters plates had been cleared and it just seemed a little manic. Sort the staffing out, reorganise the tables, take 2 tables out and it would be a great venue. Very busy with pre-theatre crowds, but still found a great table for 5. Ivett was a great waitress, showing a great balance of professionalism & warmth. We will be back! Decided to book this place on the spur of the moment with my girlfriend on a Monday evening. From start to finish the staff were incredible, especially helpful when I realised I had made the booking for the night after by mistake! They still found us a table right away and made us feel very welcome. Had the tasting menu with wine and some champagne to start, every course was delicious. As we were one of the last tables to sit down that evening the restaurant had started to clear out by the time we reached the last 2 (sweet) courses so they were kind enough to move us next to the window. Brilliant views, brilliant service, brilliant food. Worth the money for the experience. Visited on the basis of wide tapas menu and huge G&Ts - and was not disappointed at all! Excellent tapas selection with staff happy to advise and happy for diners to order one or two at a time; double gins (including my favorite, Martin Miller) with matched tonics and aromatics served in huge, stemmed balloon glasses. Cosy and atmospheric. No reservations which suited us fine as we did not want to be constrained by a reservation but were able to get a table immediately on a Friday evening. Visited for some food and drinks. Staff all helpful and very friendly. Managed to sit out in the sun. Food lovely, decent portions and lots of choice. Wide selection of different beverages. Nice garden to sit outside. Will def return next time we're in the area. Had Sunday Bruch with family including 3 teens for my sons 16th Birthday. Ate from the set brunch menu with 2 courses for £20. Could have added a third course but we were to full to do so. Kids had pancakes which were 'amazing', they even ate the fruit which cam with them, followed by burgers. I had eggs royale followed but baked cod with capers. Very tasty. My wife enjoyed the free flowing prosecco, I was unfortunately driving, and her glass was filled frequently.Good value and very enjoyable food overlooking Tower Bridge so would recommend for Sunday brunch. We had not seen our friends from Cheshire for about 6 months and were delighted to hear that they were coming down with our Godson and his girlfriend. We chose the Lowlander because it looked like a fun environment on a Sunday. Arriving at 7.00 pm the place was heaving and our drinks came pretty quickly, and we ordered our meals.The starters were delicious, but the main meals were very disappointing. The steaks were not cooked as ordered, the burgers were not homemade (or if they were I would ask the chef how and why they were cooked). The moules however were very good. We asked for coffee after the meal and were told that they were just about to clean the coffee machine!!! ( this was at 8.30) we got our coffee after some negotiation. We will not be going back. It was a lovely setting and the atmosphere was super. We were a large party celebrating a big birthday and had chosen Dandelyn as an alternative "Tea" experience. I really do think though that spending close to a £1000 should have ensured a lot more than the very LIte food experience. I was terribly disappointed with the meagre food portions, and do think that the management should rework the menu. The cocktails were great and had I known that the food would be so insubstantial, I would have warned our guests to breakfast heavily beforehand. Also, do check your bill. I was charged for an extra person and although this was corrected, I've now realised that they've still overcharged even with the correction. Although the staff were lovely and nothing was too much trouble, perhaps a notepad for writing down orders would help, particularly with a big party to serve! I was staying in the area on business and walked past this place, not expecting much.As a fan of Indian food, I must say that the flavour was exceptional and better than I've had in a long time. It was also not too greasy/full of ghee and came in at a reasonable price. If you're in the area, check this place out, you won't be disappointed. Beautiful grand dining room with a modern makeover. Food was fabulous but the service was extraordinarily disappointing. Good for pre theatre dinner. I'm a big fan of the meat liquor chains. Been to all the ones in the UK. This is bar far my favourite. Much more intimate and the food is fantastic and super friendly staff. If your around the area you need to give this a go. Me and my friend were meeting up in the area and decided to have lunch, as I'm real lover of Greek cousin spotted Real Greek, as restaurant looked great and inviting from outside and even better inside, first impression thanks to lady wearing purple blouses with nice smile made us feel welcomed. And it didn't stop there, service was friendly and fast, food just what expected spot on. Had great experience will definitely will be back soon!! I took a party of six on Saturday night to The Maynard Arms in Crouch End,I think it only fair to state that I am a restauranteur of some 35 years.I fully appreciate that some pubs that offer food have a much more relaxed way of service than many restaurants,but this pub was totally amateurish.When we sat down our waitress just plonked down six menus on the middle of the table,there was no hallo or any sought of welcome.We waited ages to order drinks,even thought it was only 7.30pm and they where very quite.When we started to order our food we had one or two questions for the waitress,each time she answered " it's a new menu I will have to find out ".We ordered a whole baked Camembert with toasted Ciabatta bread to start,which at £14 is not cheap,when it arrived it was stone cold,and was served with three thin slices of cold Ciabatta toast.We sent it back asking for it to be reheated and for some more toast ( please remember there where six of us) When it came back it wasn't much hotter and the chef just sent out some extra cold brown bead.We also ordered some olives, these finally turned up after requesting them four times.When they eventually served our main course,I had ordered the Crouch End burger,which was meant to have two patties,I received one, when I told the waitress she told me that's all the chef had left !! One of my guests had ordered a rump steak,this was served when the rest of the party had finished eating there mains.I really thought that when I asked for the bill that they would all considered remove the 12.5% service charge ( about £19 ) but of course it was still on the bill.As I was entertaining friends I did not want to make a fuss or further ruin the evening,but I will telephone the manager today ( Sunday).In summing up this review,I can only say that this is one of the worst dinning out experiences that I've had in the last twenty years and I gave them one star as there is not an option on this site to give NO stars which would have better reflected my dinning experience at this establishment. Good Place for large family outings. Friendly staff and good food. Vegetarian variety also is good. Good choices of Fresh and tasty sea food dishes on the menu. Our hotel breakfast was quite expensive so we found this charming place down the road from the hotel and the breakfast was half the price. We were so blessed to find this absolutely delightful pub. We were given a very warm welcome and thank goodness there was a table free which suited us very well. Absolutely nothing was too much trouble even when I threw water everywhere, accidentally I hasten to add! Our drinks and food order was taken at our table by the most helpful and caring young lady, and our meal was simply delicious. We were looked after so well throughout our lunch (after our usual monthly walk had not turned out quite as expected), but our lunch at The Black Dog more than compensated. Thank you to everyone. We visited during the busy bank holiday weekend. 4 Adults and our 6 month old. We had a small wait for a table but but they have a comfy waiting area and we busied ourselves with the menus. I had the summer rolls to start which were extremely fresh. I had M3 for the main, a spicy beefy noodly soup whose Vietnamese name escapes me. others in my party tried the stuffed calamari papaya salad and other dishes. All were nice and tasty. While we were there the place continued to be busy and i counted buggies at one point. I should also mention that we were offered a child seat. It's nice to have a restaurant so family friendly. This is not a high end romantic dining restaurant, but for a good value tasty Vietnamese meal in a friendly cafe style setting it's the best I've had. Always pop into the Courtfield when visting London and staying in the Earls Court area.It s a nice relaxing and friendly pub and a good place to enjoy a pint whiclst watching sport on the TV.This time though we were in early and ate breakfast.Very good start to the day. Full english breakfast was very good. Service was friendly and the food was served quickly. Our coffee was also topped-up, which was a nice touch.See you next time Courtfield. We met for a family lunch, there were 14 of us including 2 toddlers and one baby and were made to feel extremely welcome. A great variety on the menu with some quirky touches made it hard to choose. The staff were knowledgable about their menu and offered a wide variety of wine and beer/ales. There were groups of families, friends, couples which made the atmosphere great and we stayed well into the early evening. We will definately be returning and look forward to the warmer weather as there is a lovely enclosed outside area. I was for a drink and smth to eat with my friends.I enjoy my time in this pub and I have to say THANK YOU to Arnis for everything.He gave us great suggestion and an excellent service.Nice to meet people like you!See you soon. i live in London since a few month due to a bartender scholarship and i've visit the Mr Foggs very often, without a reservation, because i really like this place.today (Sunday) i was there for a visit with my girlfriend to show her this amazing place. i told the door men we would like to pop in and need a place for 2, we also could wait if its busy, but he was just looking at us and told us in a very unfriendly way "we don't take strangers, you can go to ...bar which is 5 minutes away by walking".i'm very disappointed, because normally the Mr Fogg's and his Crew deserve a 5***, but when you talk and handle with people "guest" like this, then it is not even 1* ... Handily placed burger-orientated restaurant that can be found in a side street between Kings Cross/ St Pancras and Euston stations.A cut above any fast -food equivalents, and a place where burgers and BBQ output are treated with respect and priced accordingly.We visited at a quiet time on a Friday afternoon; just us and two other groups in residence. Not a big place - there's a versatile bar at one end of the room which is part-separated from the restaurant which itself is side on to a small open kitchen. Bit dark and basic inside, but lightened by a full length plate glass window. We had the prime spot overlooking the not very interesting street with a dull view of the rear end of an office block.The compact menu is very appealing for those of a carnivorous nature, and I certainly would have been more bullish with my selection had it not been lunchtime. As it was, I went for the pulled pork which arrived in a small pan accompanied by a little cupful of excellent french fries flavoured with rosemary, a tiny pot of tasty BBQ sauce and some coleslaw, all presented on a board. Couldn't say that the pulled pork conveyed much evidence of having been smoked in hickory for 12 hours (as indicated on the menu), but it was all serviceable shredded meat, and the BBQ sauce did perk it up a bit. My colleague's lamb and feta burger looked more the part; meaty and firm, although the accompanying yogurt sauce didn't really zing it up very much. However, neither us left anything.Not really the place for an expansive wine list but the abbreviated choice gave focus, and our robust Spanish reds did the trick.We were ably looked after by the efficient girl who greeted us at the bar when we arrived. The manager was also very amiable whilst we were sorting out the bill.Worth a visit, and my tip would be to not go for the soft option but try something big and meaty with all the traditional sides. I did not like the fact we were sitting right next to the bar and right next to the waiter making drinks. I also didn't like the fishcake main it was too rich, I couldn't eat it. I told the waiters and they were apologetic but that was as far as it went. I also thought the starter was very small and the beef welington that my boyfriend had was chewy. We had gone for the £50 Groupon deal and we bought some sides which meant we paid an additional £30 to pay at the end. The service charge was £8.00 which seemed a lot. Usually in places of this standard I would have thought they would want their customers to go away happy but I wasn't by the end of the evening I felt ripped off. Had a very decent Sunday roast (should be for the price) but I'm afraid the service was really lacking. Lots of very young staff and no visible manager controlling the floor. Had to wait for water, plates to be cleared and desert order to be taken. Such a shame as the place has a great atmosphere and a wonderful location This restaurant is incredible. Dining in complete darkness sounds strange...and it was, but that's what makes it so special. Ended up trying some really unusual food and having conversations with people we never even saw! Would recommend for an unforgettable experience Best gnicchi I've ever had. Great place to rest after bisit in National History Museum. Random choice for us turned out to be very lucky. The simple Chateaubriand steak (medium rare) with chips and cream spinach was amazing. Though, a 1 course meal for two with no alcohol is around £100 so make sure you check the price of your steak if your cost conscious!But, the steak is fantastic, quiet atmosphere (good for business discussions) and service attentive. We are a family of 4 with 2 very young children and came early on a Sunday evening when staying in the Premier Inn opposite. Restaurant was empty except for a couple. We were seated and ordered but, in the still empty restaurant, another party were then put in the table right by us meaning my 4 year old daughter could not get out of her seat for the bathroom. Order came in stages had to prompt and was bland, cheap tasting and salty. Expensive waste of money and my daughter was ill all night afterwards. One to avoid. What a wonderful way to treat the wife for her birthday,From the moment we walked in the service we got was superb, my wife was given every help from the waiter with regards to which tea would best suit her, as she can be fussy,The amuse Bouche was a great way to start, followed by the selection of sandwiches, which we were then offered more once the first were finished,The scones came out warm with jam and cream, a little small in size but again was offered more, and taken,Then the pastry selection and which order to eat them in.The pianist then played happy birthday as my wife was presented with a cake n candle(which she didn't know was going to)A totally fantastic dining experience We’d heard a lot about the deliciousness of this place and got a takeaway to sample. The rice bowls. They were tepid (I only had a 2 minute walk to get them to the home table), the fried onions were face puckering over-salted, and the whole the flavour experience was too ‘busy’. With the overriding theme of heavy handed use of salt running through every element. Been drinking gallons and eating sweet stuff to counteract it since! Lovely staff while I was waiting. Food very disappointing. For £14 for a takeaway, meat portion good, other salad and rice on the mean side and minimal. Maybe it only all works if you sit in. A very small neighbourhood restaurant in London. The chef/boss takes food and his restaurant as art. The selection of plates, chopsticks holders, posters on the wall provide the place a cozy, relaxing atmosphere. The chef knows what is tasty, and never overwhelms our tongues with tastes. Grills are done to the point, and just at the point. I looked at the raw mackerel. What a beautiful body it was! Shining, and with lovely pattern! Went to The Maynard at Crouch End for a Sunday Roast and was not disappointed. Hubby chose the full works with 3 different meats, all cooked perfectly. Made a change to actually get a "Roast Dinner" that tastes like it should. A very passerby evening was spent at this restaurant with my 3 kids. The food is very delicious and the service good. However on some occasions delivery maybe a bit slow due to the demand. On the whole though I would come here again and again. Every time I visit this place it is just too busy, no chairs, no tables available. I know that will please the owners but it is a bit of a scrum. We have had some nice nibbles but it isn't relaxing. To be fair I don't blame the café but the station designers. They haven't allowed enough seats anywhere in the whole station. get a snack, not cheap but do-able and tasty but not memorable. We had a lunchtime meal here. It has a calm atmosphere away from the hustle and bustle outside. The service was polite and attentive, yet discreet. Food presentation was good. The starters and main courses were tasty with a good amount of spice. In particular, the meats were moist and not too oily. There is also a good range of choices for vegetarians.The puddings were a little over dressed and over flavoured for what they were. Overall a pleasant meal. Whilst expensive compared to an average local take-away, the food is much better and the lunch time set menu is very good value. I found out his gem on my first day and have been back for a lovely breakfast each day. The staff are welcoming and attentive. The breakfasts are simple and delicious. The owner, Joe, is the perfect host. Food and drink was amazing (pudding was literally the best) and the large group (20+) we were with was catered to very well! Staff were super lovely and organised about bill splitting and stuff too! Would defo come back again and would highly recommend! This was the first pub I worked in as a barmaid, back when the world was in black and white. I had my wedding reception here and later my husband's wake. I've seen management come and go, some good, some bad, some indifferent.I had lunch here a few months ago with a very good friend, the staff were polte and friendly and the food was wonderful and real linen is always a treat. Highly recommend! Food was good as was service. Our waiter was very accommodating for vegan dietary requirements, explaining the menu very well and offering suggestions - probably one of the best experiences with regard to someone taking time to explain that I've seen.Food was tasty, restaurant decor could be improved, I think for the price, the restaurant could feel a bit more "exclusive." Dropped in for a panini and a coffee; it was recommended by a friend. The place is compact. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The panini's were made to order and were delicious. The cappuccino's were very enjoyable and served in s decent sized mug!! I can see how this is a popular location for dining. The atmosphere was chilled and relaxed. The staff were friendly. The food was exceptional, I was a bit sceptical about the food before hand as the only Turkish food I've ever had prior were kebabs from my local take away. Ordered the Kuzu Güveç as my main and was stunned. I couldn't get enough of the bread that they served with the dish and with the starters. The food was well presented being served in a ceramic bowl on a wooden board. It's also child friendly, my 5 year old daughter enjoyed the colouring books while we waited for our food. My wife also enjoyed her food just as much as I did and we will definitely be returning. I highly recommend The Black Garlic as a place to take your date or bring your family down. I give The Black Garlic 10/10!!! Been there over 4 times ,good is great, and the service is good. They even allowed us to reserve a specific table. Will 've back soon. I've been in this cozy restaurant a few days ago for my husband's birthday after a friend recommendation. I always had a passion for asian cuisine especially for sushi and i'm sure of saying that this is one of my best experience ever! the dragon roll was impressive, presentation and taste. The staff was really friendly and caring despite the busy evening..I will for sure recommend this place for my friends and colleagues!Thank's oka! See you again (hope soon;)!)ElizabethLondon Excellent service, food at a top quality at a reasonable price. Highly recommended, will definitely be going again A small intimate restaurant seating around 40..service excellent, food very good and a fair price for this expensive area. Restaurant is clean, with staff who are not intrusive but attentive. Went with sister and brother in law, who use this restaurant a lot as they have good friends they see in the locality. Parking is not too easy in this area as lots of driveways and resident parking..so expect a few minute walk. Would certainly use again. Attended venue on Sunday for a charity quiz night and had the best night out for a very long time. Staff great, food great, extensive menu great food and atmosphere very relaxed, whilst buzzing. The quiz was extremely professionally done and the patrons very generous. All in all a fantastic night and look forward immensely to going back soon If you like Vantra Vitao or the food bar at Whole Foods, you'll like this lunch buffet. At 7.50 for a take away box, it isn't the cheapest place, and there isn't much selection, but everything I ate was fantastic. Apparently they use little to no oil, but you certainly can't tell from the taste! The restaurant is small and the servers kept having to slip past me while I filled my box at the buffet, but I'm sure it's partially my fault for coming on a busy Sunday afternoon. One of the employees even came up to me to say that one of the dishes that was missing from the buffet would be out again in a few minutes, which was very thoughtful. Plan to go back for dinner one day and try the seitan stroganoff and the 222 pancake! Booked for 4 of us to have dinner on a Saturday night. Easy booking, staff were friendly and laid back as had to wait for one of our party who was 30mins late. Great wine, really tasty food and reasonable price booked a table of eight on fathers day and had a fabulous time. The pub was absolutely heaving but the service we received was very good. Roasts were tasty. Lots of different ales on. Family friendly. Well advisable to book in advance or you might not get a table (it's that busy). Make sure you barter, we got a great deal of a starter, main, naan and rice and bottle of wine to share for only £10 each. They then gave us another glass of wine for free at the end. Food was really tasty, great deal for London. Thanks Abbas for looking after us. io have eaten many times at the Maynard arms and can only provide great feed back for the whole experience, great food, drinks, staff and general feel to the place.Get yourself down there and you wont look back!! I never write reviews and I also have tried quite a few vegetarian and vegan restaurants but this has by far been one of the best, for those who are apprehensive about vegan food raw or cooked I know calabash of culture will change your mind. You will no doubt leave there feeling empowered! Also the owner and staff are very helpful! I had dinner here with a friend whilst waiting to catch a trainI had a 30% off main meal discount voucher.Having been caught out by these vouchers in other places, we checked with the waitress that the main courses we ordered were covered by the discount, she informed us that it was indeed all main courses.We ordered to Neal's from the section of the minute called "main courses".After a very long wait for the bill, the manager informed us that our main courses were not included in the discount. He acknowledged that the waitress made an errorCall me old fashioned, and I know you do the moment my back is turned, but surely for the sake of a few pounds he should have given us a discount.I still have no idea why our main courses were not included in a main course discount.I'll find other places in future that are as good at heating up prepared Italian food in microwaves.The waitress was lovely. Just an error anyone could make.The food was actually ok. Just a shame they were so mean. Had dinner for a fiftieth birthday at The Goring. They offered us a private dining room with a dedicated waiter/butler.Service was superb and discreet. Food was wonderful and the room looked fantastic. You could not ask for more.